
brickkiln_a0=Cihelna
chiefhouse_a0=Nacelnikuv dum
chiefhouse_b0=Nacelnikuv dum
fort_a0=Pevnost
fort_a_forge_a0=Kovarna pevnosti
fort_a_soldierhouse_a0=Kasarna
fort_a_soldierhouse2_a0=Kasarna
fort_a_cistern_a0=Cisternova pevnost
fort_a_temple_a0=Nabozenska pevnost
grove_a0=Lesik
lumbermanhouse_a0=Drevorubecka bouda
paddy_a0=Ryzove pole
pandithouse_a0=Pandituv dum
peasanthouse_a0=Domoroda chyse
peasanthouse_b0=Domoroda chata
peasanthouse_c0=Domorody dum
playerhugefield_a0=Obrovske pole
playerlargefield_a0=Velke pole
playersmallfield_a0=Male pole
playersmallhouse_a0=Domek
quarry_a0=Lom
quarry_b0=Dul
soldierhouse_a0=Straznice
sugarplantation_a0=Plantaz s cukrovou trtinou
villagetemple_a0=Chram
playerestate_a0=Sidlo
spicegarden_a0=Policko s korenim
forge_a0=Kovarna
armyforge_a0=Zbrojirna
scultorhouse_a0=Socharska dilna
archives_a0=Chramovy archiv
palace_a0=Palac
palace_temple_a0=Chram
guesthouse_a0=Penzion
inn_a0=Hospoda
largepeasanthouse_a0=Velky dum
largepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Pristavek velkeho domu
playerpalace_a0=Hracsky palac
playerpalace_temple_a0=Chram
bazaar_a0=Trziste
tank_a0=Nadrz
well_a0=Studna
adivasifarm_a0=Farma Adivasiu
adivasifarm_b0=Farma Adivasiu
deserttradeoutpost_a0=Poustni obchodni post
ruinedfort_a0=Ruiny pevnosti
sandblasted_a0=Opusteny obchodni post
sadhutree_a0=Strom Sadha
sadhutree_a0=Strom Sadha
indiandesertedfarm_a0=Znicena Indska farma
loneshrine_a0=Osamela Indska svatyne
gifthouse_a0=Darovany dum
villagetree_a0=Strom ve vesnici
hindushrine_a0=Socha Hindu
craftsmanhouse_a0=Dum remeslnika
painterhouse_a0=Dum malire
weaverhouse_a0=Dum tkalce
cottonfield_a0=Pole bavlny
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Vesnicka zed
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Vesnicka zed
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Vesnicka zed
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Vesnicka zed
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Vesnicka zed
full_wall_a0=Vesnicka zed
full_wall_tower_a0=Vez ve zdi
full_wall_cap_right_a0=Konec zdi
full_wall_cap_left_a0=Konec zdi
full_wall_corner_a0=Roh veze
full_wall_gateway_a0=Brana
borderpost_a0=Pohranicni bod
borderpost_corner_a0=Pohranicni bod (Roh)
borderpost_gate_a0=Pohranicni bod (Vstup)