
culture.indian=Ind
culture.fullname=Indove
village.indian_agricole=zemedelska vesnice
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=zemedelska osada
village.indian_controlled=vesnice pod kontrolou
village.indian_customcontrolled=vlastni vesnice pod kontrolou
village.indian_fort=pevnost
village.indian_fort_hamlet=vojenska osada
village.indian_palace=palac
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Adivasky sedlak
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Adivasi rolnik
villager.indian_armysmith=Zbrojir
villager.indian_boy=Chlapec
villager.indian_girl=Divka
villager.indian_lonetrader=Obchodni cestujici
villager.indian_lumberman=Drevorubec
villager.indian_merchant=Obchodnik
villager.indian_miner=Hornik
villager.indian_pandit=Knez
villager.indian_panditayin=Knezova zena
villager.indian_peasant=Sedlak
villager.indian_peasantwife=Sedlakova zena
villager.indian_raja=
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=Rajputsky general
villager.indian_rani=
villager.indian_richwoman=Bohata zena
villager.indian_sadhu=
villager.indian_sculptor=Sochar
villager.indian_smith=Kovar
villager.indian_soldier=Rajputsky vojak
villager.indian_teenagerfemale=Slecna
villager.indian_teenagermale=Mladik
villager.indian_villagechief=Velitel
villager.merchant_adivasi=Adivasky obchodnik
villager.merchant_oriental=Persky obchodnik
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Vesnicky obchodnik
villager.indian_craftsman=Remeslnik
villager.indian_painter=Malir
villager.indian_weaver=Tkalec
shop.adivasifarm=Vyrobky Adivasu
shop.armyforge=Zbroje a zbrane
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Vzacne zbozi
shop.forge=Nastroje
shop.sculptor=Nakup kamene
shop.townhall=Obchod