
culture.mayan=Mayan
culture.fullname=Mayove
village.agriculture=zemedelska vesnice
village.mayan_controlled=kontrolovana vesnice
village.mayan_customcontrolled=volne kontrolovana vesnice
village.military=vojenska vesnice
village.religious=nabozenska vesnice
villager.mayan_armysmith=Vojensky kovar
villager.mayan_boy=Chlapec
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Chovatel kurat
villager.mayan_chieftain=Kapitan
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Farmar kakaa
villager.mayan_crafter=Remeslnik
villager.mayan_farmer=Pestovatel kukurice
villager.mayan_girl=Divka
villager.mayan_king=Kral
villager.mayan_leader=Velitel
villager.mayan_lumberman=Drevorubec
villager.mayan_merchant=Obchodnik
villager.mayan_miner=Hornik
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Vyrobce obsidianu
villager.mayan_peasant=Venkovan
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Venkovanka
villager.mayan_richwoman=Kralovna
villager.mayan_sculptor=Sochar
villager.mayan_shaman=Saman
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Samanova zena
villager.mayan_teenagerfemale=Slecna
villager.mayan_teenagermale=Mladik
villager.mayan_warrior=Valecnik
villager.lonemayanfarmer=Osamely farmar
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Farmarova zena
villager.lonemayanshaman=Lesni saman
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Samanova zena
villager.mayanbanditboy=Bandita
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandita valecnik
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Banditka
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Farmarsky obchodnik
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Lovecky obchodnik
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Samansky obchodnik
villager.questfallenking=Padly Kral
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Elitni Bojovnik
villager.questkinglieutnant=Porucik
villager.questkingscout=Zved
villager.questkingwarrior=Bojovnik
villager.questshaman=Shaman
shop.lonemayanfarm=Zemedelske produkty
shop.mayanarmyforge=Zbrane & zbroje
shop.mayancocoa=Kakao a cacauhaa
shop.mayancrafter=Nastroje
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Obsidianove nastroje
shop.mayansculptor=Koupit kamen a zlato
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Drubezi produkty
shop.mayantownhall=Obchod