quarrybyzantine_A0=Kamnolom
grovebyzantine_A0=Nasad
testfarm_A0=Kmetija
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Mlin
churchbyzantine_A0=Crkveno gradbišče
churchbyzantine_A9=Tradicionalna cerkev
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Oltar
artisanbyzantine_A0=Obrtnikova hiša
workshopbyzantine_A0=Delavnica
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Antičen tempel
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Antično gledališče
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pekarna
placebyzantine_A0=Mestna hiša
fortbyzantine_A0=Utrdba
forgebyzantine_A0=Kovačnica
villa urbana_A0=Mestna vila
taverna_A0=Gostilna
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pekarna
fisherbyzantine_A0=Ribičeva koča
lumberbyzantine_A0=Gozdarjeva koča
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Stračni stolp
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kapela
farmbyzantine_A0=Kmetija
sheepbyzantine_A0=Ovčarija
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Utrdba
innbyzantine_A0=Krčma
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Gostova hiša
basilkabyzantine_A0=Tržnica
barracksbyzantine_A0=Barake
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Spalnica barak
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Prezbiterij
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kovačnica
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kovačnica
well_A0=Vodnjak

oaktower_A0=Stražni stolp
birchtower_A0=Stražni stolp
pinetower_A0=Stražni stolp
jungletower_A0=Stražni stolp

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
vineyard_a0=Vinograd
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Nasad brez
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Sviloprejkarska farma
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Spalnica utrdbe
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Spalnica utrdbe
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Spalnica utrdbe
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Spalnica utrdbe
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Spalnica utrdbe
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Spalnica utrdbe
lighthouse_a0=Svetilnik
architectbyzantine_a0=Arhitektov studio
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Samotna spalnica utrdbe
lonecastle_a0=Samotna utrdba
lonesheepfarm_a0=Samotna ovčereja
lonesheepfarm_b0=Samotna ovčereja
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Hrastov nasad

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Arena za treniranje
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Kapela

gifthouse_a0=Darilna hiša