japanesegrove_A0=Nasad
japanesegrove_B0=Nasad
japanesegrove_C0=Nasad
japanesepeasanth_A0=Kmečka hiša
japanesepeasanth_B0=Kmečka hiša
japanesepeasanth_C0=Kmečka hiša
japaneselmh_A0=Gozdarjeva hiša
japanesepaddy_A0=Riževo polje
japanesepalace_A0=Cesarjeva palača
japaneseforge_A0=Kovačija
japanesefishery_A0=Ribnik
japanesefishery_B0=Ribnik
japanesefishery_C0=Ribnik
japanesefishery_A1=Ribarnica
japanesefishery_B1=Ribarnica
japanesefishery_C1=Ribarnica
japanesesamuraih_A0=Stražarjeva hiša
japanesesamuraih_B0=Stražarjeva hiša
japanesequarry_A0=Kamnolom
japanesequarry_B0=Kamnolom
japanesearchive_A0=Arhiv
japanesearchive_B0=Arhiv
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Shintova grobnica
japanesefarm_A0=Žitna kmetija
japanesefarm_B0=Žitna kmetija
japanesefarmbig_A0=Kmečka hiša
japanesefarmbig_B0=Kmečka hiša
japanesecrafter_A0=Obrtnikova hiša
japanesecrafter_B0=Obrtnikova hiša
japanesefort_A0=Utrdba
japaneseplot1_A0=Majhno polje
japaneseplot2_A0=Srednje veliko polje
japaneseplot3_A0=Veliko poje
japanesehut_A0=Majhna lesena hiša
japanesehouse_A0=Majhna hiša
japanesehousemedium_A0=Hiša
japanesehouselarge_A0=Velika hiša
japaneselookout_A0=Opazovalni stolp
japaneselookout_B0=Opazovalni stolp
japanesezen_A0=Ribnik
japanesekitchen_A0=Kuhinja
japanesekitchen_B0=Kuhinja
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Igralčeva palača
japaneseinn_A0=Krčma
japanesemarket_A0=Tržnica
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Lokostrelsko vadbišče
chickenfarm_a0=Kokošja kmetija
bath_A0=Kopalna hiša
well_A0=Vodnjak
sakebrewery_A0=Pivovarna riževega žganja

japaneseoutpost_A0=Japonsko oporišče
japanesearmyforge_A0=Vojaška kovačnica
lonebuddha_A0=Kip Bude
bandit_cave_A0=Razbojnikova jama
kufun_tomb_A0=Kufunova grobnica
kufun_tomb_B0=Kufunova grobnica
woods_shrine_A0=Lesena grobnica
lonemine_A0=Zapuščen japonski rudnik
banditfort_A0=Razbojnikoca utrdba

gifthouse_a0=Darilna hiša