culture.norman=Norman

//Norman:
villager.abbot=Opat
villager.carpenter=Tesar
villager.cattleFarmerMale=Govedorejec
villager.cattleFarmerFemale=Govedorejka
villager.pigherd=Svinjerecec
villager.pigherdF=Svinjerejka
villager.shepherd=Ovcerejec
villager.shepherdF=Ovcerejka
villager.boy=Fant
villager.girl=Punca
villager.teenagerMale=Najstnik
villager.teenagerFemale=Najstnica
villager.farmer=Kmet
villager.merchant_viking=Vikingški trgovec
villager.merchant_weapon=Orožarski trgovec
villager.merchant_plant=Trgovec z rastlinami
villager.merchant_art=Trgovec z umetnostjo
villager.merchant_wool=Tekstilni trgovec
villager.merchant_food=Trgovec s hrano
villager.guard=Stražar
villager.guildmaster=Cehovski vodja
villager.knight=Vitez
villager.lady=Gospa
villager.lumberman=Gozdar
villager.merchant=Trgovec
villager.miner=Rudar
villager.monk=Menih
villager.priest=Duhovnik
villager.seneschal=Skrbnik
villager.smith=Kovač
villager.wife=Vaška ženska

villager.innkeeperfemale=Čuvajka
villager.innkeepermale=Čuvaj
villager.lonemiller=Mlinar
villager.merchant_weapons=Orožarski trgovec
villager.robberbaron=Vodja razbojnikov
villager.robberleader=Vodja razbojnikov

villager.lonelumberman=Osamljen gozdar
villager.lonelumbermantaiga=Osamljen gozdar
villager.loneminer=Osamljen milnar
villager.lonemonk=Osamljen menih
villager.loneabbot=Osamljen opat
villager.alchemist=Alkimist
villager.alchemistassistant=Alkimistov asistent
villager.alchemistapprentice=Alkimistov vajenec
villager.bandit=Razbojnik
villager.armoredbandit=Oborožen razbojnik
villager.felonbaron=Razbojnik
villager.felonsoldier=Razbojnik


shop.townhall=Osrednja trgovina
shop.forge=Orodje
shop.armoury=Oklep in orožje
shop.bakery=Kruh
shop.cattlefarm=Govedji izdelki
shop.pigfarm=Svinjski izdelki
shop.sheepchickenfarm=Perutninarstvo
shop.tavern=Alkohol
shop.lumberman=Jabolčnik in jabolka
shop.lonemine=Kamen
shop.alchemyworkshop=Alkimistični izdelki
shop.lonelumberman=Les in jabolka
shop.lonemill=Kruh
shop.loneinn=Hrana in pijača
shop.lonelumbermantaiga=Les
shop.loneabbey=Opatovi izdelki