
kastron_a_archives_a0=Arquivos da aldeia
kastron_a_inn_a0=Pousada
kastron_a_leftmarket_a0=Mercado
kastron_a_leftmarket_a1=Mercado essquerdo
kastron_a_rightmarket_a0=Mercado
kastron_a_rightmarket_a1=Mercado direito
acaciagrove_a0=Arvoredo de acácia
architect_a0=Estúdio do arquiteto
dressmaker_a0=Costureira
fishfarm_a0=Cabana dos Pescadores
fishfarm_a3=Fazenda de peixe
mason_a0=Pedreiro
mine_a0=Mina
pinegrove_a0=Arvoredo de pinheiro
sandpit_a0=o poço de areia
sheepfarm_a0=O pasto de ovelhas
silkfarm_a0=Fazenda de seda
smelter_a0=Fundição
toolsmith_a0=Forja
woodcutter_a0=Cabana do Lenhador
presbytery_a0=Presbitério
chapel_a0=Capela
workerhouse_a0=Cabana do trabalhador
workshop_a0=Oficina
watchtower_a0=Torre de vigia
taverna_a0=Taberna
vineyard_a0=Vinhedo
pergola_a0=Pérgola
garden_a0=Jardim
shrine_a0=Santuário
cross_a0=Cruz
olivetree_a0=Oliveira
olivepress_a0=Imprensa de óleo
inn_a0=Pousada
borderpost_gate_a0=Posto de fronteira (entrada)
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Templo Clássico
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Teatro Clássico
artisanbyzantine_a0=Casa do Artesão
bakerybyzantine_a0=Padaria
bakerybyzantine_a0=Padaria
barracksbyzantine_a0=Quartel
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Cama de Quartel
basilkabyzantine_a0=Mercado
chapelbyzantine_a0=Capela
churchbyzantine_a0=Sítio da Igreja
churchbyzantine_a9=Igreja Ortodoxa
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Altar
farmbyzantine_a0=Quinta
fisherbyzantine_a0=Cabana do Pescador
forgebyzantine_a0=Forja
fortbyzantine_a0=Forte
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Forja do Forte
grovebyzantine_a0=Bosque
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Estalagem
innbyzantine_a0=Albergaria
lumberbyzantine_a0=Cabana do Lenhador
placebyzantine_a0=Prefeitura
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Forja do Forte
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Presbitério
quarrybyzantine_a0=Pedreira
sheepbyzantine_a0=Rancho Ovino
taverna_a0=Taberna
testfarm_a0=Quinta
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Moinho
villa urbana_a0=Villa Urbana
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Torre de Vigia
well_a0=Poço
workshopbyzantine_a0=Oficina
birchtower_a0=Torre de Vigia
jungletower_a0=Torre de Vigia
oaktower_a0=Torre de Vigia
pinetower_a0=Torre de Vigia
architectbyzantine_a0=Estúdio do Arquitecto
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Quarto do Forte
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Bosque de Bétula
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Bosque de Carvalho
lighthouse_a0=Farol
lonecastle_a0=Forte Isolado
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Quarto do Forte Isolado
lonesheepfarm_a0=Rancho Ovino Isolado
lonesheepfarm_b0=Rancho Ovino Isolado
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Fórum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Quarto do Forte
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Quinta Sericícola
vineyard_a0=Vinhedo
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Área de Treinos
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Capela
gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
playersmallhouse_a0=Casa Pequena
crossbyzantine_a0=Cruz de Trilha
parkbyzantine_a0=Bétula
parkbyzantine_b0=Carvalho
parkbyzantine_c0=Carvalho
parkbyzantine_d0=Parque
shrinebyzantine_a0=Santuário
wellbyzantine_a0=Poço
wellbyzantine_b0=Poço