
culture.byzantines=Bizantina
culture.fullname=Os bizantinos
village.controlled=aldeia controlada
village.customcontrolled=aldeia controlada customizada
village.emporikos=aldeia comercial
village.military=fortaleza
village.ortodox=aldeia religiosa
villager.architect_byzantine=Arquitecto
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Armeiro
villager.artisan_byzantine=Artesão
villager.artwife_byzantine=Esposa do Artesão
villager.baron_byzantine=Barão
villager.boy_byzantine=Rapaz
villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurião
villager.farmiller_byzantine=Moleiro
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Esposa do Moleiro
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Pescador
villager.girl_byzantine=Rapariga
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Lenhador
villager.merchant_byzantine=Comerciante
villager.merchant_hindi=Comerciante Hindu
villager.merchant_japanese=Comerciante Japonês
villager.merchant_mayan=Comerciante Maia
villager.merchant_norman=Comerciante Normando
villager.miner_byzantine=Mineiro
villager.pastor_byzantine=Missionário
villager.patriarch_byzantine=Patriarca
villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.richwife_byzantine=Mulher Rica
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Pastor
villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Pastora
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Sericicultor
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Sericicultora
villager.smith_byzantine=Ferreiro
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.teenagerfemale=Jovem
villager.teenagermale=Jovem
villager.wife_byzantine=Aldeã
villager.merchant_art=Comerciante de Arte
villager.merchant_food=Comerciante de Alimentos
villager.merchant_materials=Comerciante de Pedra
villager.smuggler_silk=Comerciante de Seda
villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keeper_byzantine=Guardião do Farol
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Pastor Isolado
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Pastora Isolada
shop.armyforge=Ferramentas, Armas e Armaduras
shop.bakery=Pão
shop.clothing=Roupas
shop.fishery=Peixe
shop.forge=Ferramentas
shop.lonesheep=Cordeiro, Lã e Feta
shop.lonetower=Mantimentos
shop.sheepfarm=Cordeiro, Couro e Feta
shop.tavernbyz=Vinho, Souvlaki
shop.townhall=Loja Central
shop.alchemyworkshop=Produtos Alquímicos