
culture.indian=Hindu
culture.fullname=Os indianos
village.indian_agricole=aldeia agrícola
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=aldeola agrícola
village.indian_controlled=aldeia controlada
village.indian_customcontrolled=aldeia controlada customizada
village.indian_fort=fortaleza
village.indian_fort_hamlet=aldeola militar
village.indian_palace=palácio
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Camponês Adivasi
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Camponesa Adivasi
villager.indian_armysmith=Ferreiro Militar
villager.indian_boy=Rapaz
villager.indian_girl=Rapariga
villager.indian_lonetrader=Comerciante
villager.indian_lumberman=Lenhador
villager.indian_merchant=Comerciante
villager.indian_miner=Mineiro
villager.indian_pandit=Sacerdote
villager.indian_panditayin=Esposa do Sacerdote
villager.indian_peasant=Camponês
villager.indian_peasantwife=Camponesa
villager.indian_raja=Rei
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=General Rajput
villager.indian_rani=Rainha
villager.indian_richwoman=Mulher Rica
villager.indian_sadhu=Sadhu
villager.indian_sculptor=Escultor
villager.indian_smith=Ferreiro
villager.indian_soldier=Soldado Rajput
villager.indian_teenagerfemale=Jovem
villager.indian_teenagermale=Jovem
villager.indian_villagechief=Chefe da Aldeia
villager.merchant_adivasi=Comerciante Adivasi
villager.merchant_oriental=Comerciante Persa
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Aldeã Comerciante
villager.indian_craftsman=Artesão
villager.indian_painter=Pintor
villager.indian_weaver=Tecelão
shop.adivasifarm=Produtos Adivasi
shop.armyforge=Armas e Armaduras
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Mercadorias Preciosas
shop.forge=Ferramentas
shop.sculptor=Compra pedra
shop.townhall=Loja Central