
brickkiln_a0=Forno de Tijolos
chiefhouse_a0=Residência do Chefe
chiefhouse_b0=Residência do Chefe
fort_a0=Forte
fort_a_forge_a0=Forja do Forte
fort_a_soldierhouse_a0=Caserna
fort_a_soldierhouse2_a0=Casa do Soldado
fort_a_cistern_a0=Cisterna do Forte
fort_a_temple_a0=Templo do Forte
grove_a0=Bosque
lumbermanhouse_a0=Casa do Lenhador
paddy_a0=Arrozal
pandithouse_a0=Casa do Sacerdote
peasanthouse_a0=Casa de Camponeses
peasanthouse_b0=Casa de Camponeses
peasanthouse_c0=Casa de Camponeses
playerhugefield_a0=Terreno Muito Grande
playerlargefield_a0=Terreno Grande
playersmallfield_a0=Terreno Pequeno
playersmallhouse_a0=Casa Pequena
quarry_a0=Pedreira
quarry_b0=Pedreira
soldierhouse_a0=Casa do Soldado
sugarplantation_a0=Plantação de Cana
villagetemple_a0=Templo
playerestate_a0=Vila
spicegarden_a0=Jardim de Especiarias
forge_a0=Forja
armyforge_a0=Forja Militar
scultorhouse_a0=Casa do Escultor
archives_a0=Arquivo do Templo
palace_a0=Palácio
palace_temple_a0=Templo do palácio
guesthouse_a0=Estalagem
inn_a0=Albergaria
largepeasanthouse_a0=Casarão
largepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Anexo do Casarão
playerpalace_a0=Palácio do Jogador
playerpalace_temple_a0=Templo do palácio
bazaar_a0=Bazar
tank_a0=Poço em Degraus
well_a0=Poço
adivasifarm_a0=Quinta Adivasi
adivasifarm_b0=Quinta Adivasi
deserttradeoutpost_a0=Posto de Comércio do Deserto
ruinedfort_a0=Forte Hindu Arruinado
sandblasted_a0=Posto de Comércio Abandonado
sadhutree_a0=Árvore do Sadhu
sadhutree_a0=Árvore do Sadhu
indiandesertedfarm_a0=Quinta Hindu Arruinada
loneshrine_a0=Santuário Hindu
gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
villagetree_a0=Árvore da Aldeia
hindushrine_a0=Estátua hindu
craftsmanhouse_a0=Casa do Artesão
painterhouse_a0=Casa do pintor
weaverhouse_a0=Casa do tecelão
cottonfield_a0=Campo de algodão