
bath_a0=Banhos Públicos
chickenfarm_a0=Aviário
japanesearcheryrange_a0=Campo de Tiro com Arco
japanesearchive_a0=Arquivo
japanesearchive_b0=Arquivo
japanesecrafter_a0=Oficina
japanesecrafter_b0=Oficina
japanesefarm_a0=Plantação de Trigo
japanesefarm_b0=Plantação de Trigo
japanesefarmbig_a0=Fazenda
japanesefarmbig_b0=Fazenda
japanesefishery_a0=Lago de Pesca
japanesefishery_a1=Lota
japanesefishery_b0=Lago de Pesca
japanesefishery_b1=Lota
japanesefishery_c0=Lago de Pesca
japanesefishery_c1=Lota
japaneseforge_a0=Forja
japanesefort_a0=Castelo
japanesegrove_a0=Plantação
japanesegrove_b0=Plantação
japanesegrove_c0=Plantação
japanesehouse_a0=Casa Pequena
japanesehouselarge_a0=Casa Grande
japanesehousemedium_a0=Casa Média
japanesehut_a0=Casa de Madeira Pequena
japaneseinn_a0=Albergaria
japanesekitchen_a0=Cozinha Comunitária
japanesekitchen_b0=Cozinha Comunitária
japaneselmh_a0=Casa do Lenhador
japaneselookout_a0=Torre de Vigia
japaneselookout_b0=Torre de Vigia
japanesemarket_a0=Mercado
japanesepaddy_a0=Arrozal
japanesepagoda_a0=Pagode
japanesepagoda_b0=Pagode
japanesepalace_a0=Palácio Imperial
japanesepeasanth_a0=Casa de Camponeses
japanesepeasanth_b0=Casa de Camponeses
japanesepeasanth_c0=Casa de Camponeses
japaneseplayerpalace_a0=Palácio do Jogador
japaneseplot1_a0=Terreno Pequeno
japaneseplot2_a0=Terreno Médio
japaneseplot3_a0=Terreno Grande
japanesequarry_a0=Pedreira
japanesequarry_b0=Pedreira
japanesesamuraih_a0=Casa do Guerreiro
japanesesamuraih_b0=Casa do Guerreiro
japaneseshintoshrine_a0=Santuário Xintoísta
japanesezen_a0=Charco
sakebrewery_a0=Fábrica de Saqué
squidfarm_a0=Viveiro de Lulas
well_a0=Poço
bandit_cave_a0=Caverna de Bandidos
banditfort_a0=Forte de Bandidos
japanesearmyforge_a0=Forja Militar
japaneseoutpost_a0=Posto Japonês
kufun_tomb_a0=Túmulo Kofun
kufun_tomb_b0=Túmulo Kofun
lonebuddha_a0=Estátua do Buda
lonemine_a0=Pedreira Japonesa Isolada
woods_shrine_a0=Santuário Xintoísta
gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
hotspringsinn_a0=Estalagem com fontes termais
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Estalagem com fontes termais
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Estalagem com fontes termais