
mayanacropolis_a0=Campo de Bola Real
mayanalter_a0=Altar Sacrificial
mayanarmyforge_a0=Forja do Caçador
mayanbakery_a0=Padaria
mayanballcourt_a0=Campo de Bola
mayancacaofarm_a0=Plantação de Cacau
mayancacaofarm_b0=Plantação de Cacau
mayancalendar_a0=Calendário Solar
mayancave_a0=Gruta
mayancistern_a0=Cisterna
mayancornfarm_a0=Plantação de Milho
mayancornfarm_b0=Plantação de Milho
mayancornfarm_c0=Plantação de Milho
mayancrafter_a0=Casa do Artesão
mayangrove_a0=Bosque
mayanguard_a0=Casa do Guardião
mayanhouse_a0=Casa Maia
mayanhouse_b0=Casa Maia
mayanhouse_c0=Casa Maia
mayanhouse_d0=Casa Maia
mayaninn_a0=Albergaria
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Casa Inferior
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Casa Superior
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Casa Grande
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Casa Grande
mayanlibrary_a0=Biblioteca
mayanlumber_a0=Casa do Lenhador
mayanmarket_a0=Mercado
mayanmining_a0=Pedreira
mayanobservatory_a0=Observatório
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Oficina de Obsidiana
mayanplayerestate_a0=Grande Pirâmide
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Pirâmide Grandiosa
mayanpyramid_a0=Pirâmide
mayanpyramid_a0=Pirâmide maia
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Casa do Escultor
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Terrenos do Xamã
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=Aviário
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Aviário
mayantemple_a0=Templo
mayanwatchtower_a0=Torre de Vigia
mayanbigwell_a0=Poço Grande
mayanshrine_a0=Santuário
mayanwell_a0=Poço
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Pirâmide
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Terreno Grande
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Terreno Médio
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Terreno Pequeno
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Casa Antiga
lonemayancave_a0=Gruta Isolada
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Quinta Maia Abandonada
lonemayanfarm_a0=Quinta Maia Isolada
lonemayanmining_a0=Pedreira Maia Abandonada
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Pirâmide Abandonada
lonemayanruin_a0=Casa Maia Abandonada
lonemayanshaman_a0=Terrenos Isolados do Xamã
mayanbandithome_a0=Residência de Bandidos
mayanbandits_a0=Posto de Bandidos
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Pirâmide Perdida
gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
questpyramid_a0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questpyramid_pit_a0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questpyramid_guards_a0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questpyramid_jail_a0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questbarrack_a0=Quartel
questcamphouse_a0=Quartel
questguardtower_a0=Torre de Vigia
mayancamp_a0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_dig_a0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_jail_a0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_wall_a0=Posto Maia
questcave_a0=Gruta Maia
questcave_door_a0=Gruta Maia
mayanguesthouse_a0=Estalagem