
kastron_a0=Kastron
kastron_a_archives_a0=Dorpsarchieven
kastron_a_inn_a0=Herberg
kastron_a_leftmarket_a0=Market
kastron_a_leftmarket_a1=Links Market
kastron_a_rightmarket_a0=Market
kastron_a_rightmarket_a1=Rechter Market
acaciagrove_a0=Acacia bosschage
architect_a0=Architectenstudio
dressmaker_a0=Naaister
fishfarm_a0=Visser's hut
fishfarm_a3=Viskwekerij
mason_a0=Steenhouwer
mine_a0=Mijn
pinegrove_a0=Pijnboom bosschage
sandpit_a0=Zandbak
sheepfarm_a0=Schaapweide
silkfarm_a0=Zijdeboerderij
smelter_a0=Smelterij
toolsmith_a0=Smederij
woodcutter_a0=Houthakkers Hut
presbytery_a0=Pastorie
chapel_a0=Kapel
workerhouse_a0=Arbeidershut
workshop_a0=Werkplaats
watchtower_a0=Uitkijktoren
taverna_a0=Kroeg
vineyard_a0=Wijngaard
pergola_a0=Pergola
garden_a0=Tuin
shrine_a0=Altaar
cross_a0=Kruis
olivetree_a0=Olijfboom
olivepress_a0=Oliepers
inn_a0=Herberg
archives_a0=Archieven
market_a0=Markt
market_a4=Markthal
fortress_a0=Fort
fortress_a_barracks_a0=Kazerne
fortress_a_armyforge_a0=Legersmederij 
church_a0=Kerk
church_a_warehouse_a0=Magazijn
church_a_school_a0=School
church_a_sanctuary_a0=Heiligdom
church_a_chamber1_a0=Kamer
church_a_chamber2_a0=Kamer
carrotfield_a0=Wortelveld
wheatfield_a0=Korenveld
windmill_a0=Windmolen
farm_a0=Boerderij
playerhut_a0=Kleine Huis
playerhouse_a0=Grote Huis
villaurbana_a0=Villa Urbana
playersmallplot_a0=Kleine stuk land
playerlargeplot_a0=Grote stuk land
playerhugeplot_a0=Gigantische stuk land
gifthut_a0=Geschenkhuis
borderpost_a0=Grenspost
borderpost_a0=Grenspost
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Oude tempel
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Oud theater
architectbyzantine_a0=Architecten Studio
artisanbyzantine_a0=Handwerkers huis
bakerybyzantine_a0=Bakkerij
bakerybyzantine_a0=Bakkerij
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Bed
barracksbyzantine_a0=Barrakken
basilkabyzantine_a0=Markt hal
birchtower_a0=Uitkijktoren
chapelbyzantine_a0=Kapel
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Altaar
churchbyzantine_a0=Bouwplaats kerk
churchbyzantine_a9=Orthodoxe Kerk
crossbyzantine_a0=Kruis
farmbyzantine_a0=Boerderij
fisherbyzantine_a0=Vissershut
forgebyzantine_a0=Smederij
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0= Fort Slaapkamer
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0= Fort Slaapkamer
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0= Fort Slaapkamer
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Smederij
fortbyzantine_a0=Fort
gifthouse_a0=Cadeautjeshuis
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Berkenpark
grovebyzantine_a0=Park
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Eikenpark
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Gasthuis
innbyzantine_a0=Herberg
jungletower_a0=Uitkijktoren
lighthouse_a0=Vuurtoren
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Alleenstaand Fort Slaapkamer
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Bidkamer
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Trainingszone
lonecastle_a0=Alleenstaand Fort
lonesheepfarm_a0=Alleenstaande Schapenboerderij
lonesheepfarm_b0= Alleenstaande Schapenboerderij
lumberbyzantine_a0=Houthakkershut
oaktower_a0=Uitkijktoren
parkbyzantine_a0=Berk
parkbyzantine_b0=Eik
parkbyzantine_c0=Eik
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
pinetower_a0=Uitkijktoren
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Dorpskapel
placebyzantine_a0=Dorpshal
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0= Fort Slaapkamer
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0= Fort Slaapkamer
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort Slaapkamer
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Smederij
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Fort
playersmallhouse_a0=Klein Huis
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Pastorie
quarrybyzantine_a0=Groeve
sheepbyzantine_a0=Schapenboerderij
shrinebyzantine_a0=Heiligdom
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Zijde Boerderij
taverna_a0=Taveerne
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Molen
testfarm_a0=Boerderij
villa urbana_a0=Villa Urbana
vineyard_a0=Druivenplantage
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Uitkijktoren
well_a0=Put
wellbyzantine_a0=Put
wellbyzantine_b0=Put
workshopbyzantine_a0=Werkplaats
borderpost_corner_a0=Grenspost (Hoek)
borderpost_gate_a0=Grenspost (Ingang)