
bath_a0=Badhuis
chickenfarm_a0=Kippenboerderij
japanesearcheryrange_a0=Boogschuttersveld
japanesearchive_a0=Archieven
japanesearchive_b0=Archieven
japanesecrafter_a0=Timmermanshuis
japanesecrafter_b0=Timmermanshuis
japanesefarm_a0=Graanboerderij
japanesefarm_b0=Graanboerderij
japanesefarmbig_a0=Boerderij
japanesefarmbig_b0=Boerderij
japanesefishery_a0=Vis Pond
japanesefishery_a1=Visser
japanesefishery_b0=Vis Pond
japanesefishery_b1=Visser
japanesefishery_c0=Vis Pond
japanesefishery_c1=Visser
japaneseforge_a0=Smid
japanesefort_a0=Fort
japanesegrove_a0=Park
japanesegrove_b0=Park
japanesegrove_c0=Park
japanesehouse_a0=Tussen Huis
japanesehouselarge_a0=Groot huis
japanesehousemedium_a0=Huis
japanesehut_a0=Kleine Hut
japaneseinn_a0=Herberg
japanesekitchen_a0=Keuken
japanesekitchen_b0=Keuken
japaneselmh_a0=Houthakkershuis
japaneselookout_a0=Uitkijk Toren
japaneselookout_b0=Uitkijk Toren
japanesemarket_a0=Markt
japanesepaddy_a0=Rijstplantage
japanesepagoda_a0=Pagode
japanesepagoda_b0=Pagode
japanesepalace_a0=Keizerlijk Kantoor
japanesepeasanth_a0=Dorpelingenhuis
japanesepeasanth_b0=Dorpelingenhuis
japanesepeasanth_c0=Dorpelingenhuis
japaneseplayerpalace_a0=Spelerspaleis
japaneseplot1_a0=Klein Stuk Land
japaneseplot2_a0=Tussen Stuk Land
japaneseplot3_a0=Groot Stuk Land
japanesequarry_a0=Steengroeve
japanesequarry_b0=Steengroeve
japanesesamuraih_a0=Bewakershuis
japanesesamuraih_b0=Bewakershuis
japaneseshintoshrine_a0=Torii Poort
japanesezen_a0=Pond
sakebrewery_a0=Sake Brouwerij
squidfarm_a0=Inktvis Boerderij
well_a0=Put
bandit_cave_a0=Bandietengrot
banditfort_a0=Bandietenfort
japanesearmyforge_a0=Legersmid
japaneseoutpost_a0=Japanse Uitkijkpst
kufun_tomb_a0=Kufuntombe
kufun_tomb_b0=Kufun Tombe
lonebuddha_a0=Buddhabeeld
lonemine_a0=Verlaten Japanse Mijn
woods_shrine_a0=Houten Heiligdom
gifthouse_a0=Cadeautjeshuis
hotspringsinn_a0=Warmwaterbron herberg
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Warmwaterbron herberg
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Warmwaterbron herberg
borderpost_a0=Grenspost
borderpost_corner_a0=Grenspost (Hoek)
borderpost_gate_a0=Grenspost (Ingang)