
culture.mayan=Maya
culture.fullname=De Maya
village.agriculture=agrarische dorp
village.mayan_controlled=gecontroleerde dorp
village.mayan_customcontrolled=custom gecontrollerde dorp
village.military=militair dorp
village.religious=religieuze dorp
villager.mayan_armysmith=Leger Smid
villager.mayan_boy=Jongen
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Kippenboer
villager.mayan_chieftain=Opperhoofd
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Cacaoboer
villager.mayan_crafter=Timmerman
villager.mayan_farmer=Ma√Øs Boer
villager.mayan_girl=Meisje
villager.mayan_king=Koning
villager.mayan_leader=Leider
villager.mayan_lumberman=Houthakker
villager.mayan_merchant=Handelaar
villager.mayan_miner=Mijnwerker
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Obsidiaan Handwerker
villager.mayan_peasant=Dorpeling
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Vrouwelijke Dorpeling
villager.mayan_richwoman=Koningin
villager.mayan_sculptor=Steenhouwer
villager.mayan_shaman=Shamaan
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Shamaan Vrouw
villager.mayan_teenagerfemale=Jongere
villager.mayan_teenagermale=Jongere
villager.mayan_warrior=Soldaat
villager.lonemayanfarmer=Eenzame Boer
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Vrouw Van De Boer
villager.lonemayanshaman=Shamaan
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Shamaan's Vrouw
villager.mayanbanditboy=Bandietenjongen
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandietensoldaat
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandieten Soldaat
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Bandieten Meisje
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Agrarische Handelaar
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Jagers Handelaar
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Shamaan Handelaar
villager.questfallenking=Gevallen Koning
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Elite Krijger
villager.questkinglieutnant=Luitenant
villager.questkingscout=Verkenner
villager.questkingwarrior=Krijger
villager.questshaman=Shaman
shop.lonemayanfarm=Boerderijproducten
shop.mayanarmyforge=Pantser en wapens
shop.mayancocoa=Cacao & cacauhaa
shop.mayancrafter=Werktuigen
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Obsidiaan objecten
shop.mayansculptor=Koopt steen en goud
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Kipproducten
shop.mayantownhall=Centrale winkel