
mayanacropolis_a0=Adelijke Balzaal
mayanalter_a0=Offeraltaar
mayanarmyforge_a0=Legersmid
mayanbakery_a0=Bakkerij
mayanballcourt_a0=Balzaal
mayancacaofarm_a0=Cacaoplantage
mayancacaofarm_b0=Cacaoplantage
mayancalendar_a0=Zonnekalender
mayancave_a0=Grot
mayancistern_a0=Regenbak
mayancornfarm_a0=Ma誰sboederij
mayancornfarm_b0=Ma誰sboederij
mayancornfarm_c0=Ma誰sboederij
mayancrafter_a0=Handwerker
mayangrove_a0=Park
mayanguard_a0=Bewakershuis
mayanhouse_a0=Mayaans Huis
mayanhouse_b0=Mayaans Huis
mayanhouse_c0=Mayaans Huis
mayanhouse_d0=Mayaans Huis
mayaninn_a0=Herberg
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Laag Huis
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Hoog Huis
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Erg Groot Huis
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Erg Groot Huis
mayanlibrary_a0=Bibliotheek
mayanlumber_a0=Houthakkershuis
mayanmarket_a0=Markt
mayanmining_a0=Steengroeve
mayanobservatory_a0=Observatorium
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Obisidan atelier
mayanplayerestate_a0=Grote Pyramide
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Grote Pyramide
mayanpyramid_a0=Pyramide
mayanpyramid_a0=Pyramide
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Steenhouwershuis
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Shamaans Gebied
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=Kippenboederij
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Kippenboederij
mayantemple_a0=Tempel
mayanwatchtower_a0=Uitkijktoren
mayanbigwell_a0=Grote waterput
mayanshrine_a0=Altaar
mayanwell_a0=Waterput
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Spelers Pyramide
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Erg Groot Veld
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Groot Veld
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Klein Veld
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Oud Huis
lonemayancave_a0=Maya Grot
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Eenzame Mayaanse Ma誰sboederij
lonemayanfarm_a0=Eenzame Mayaanse Boederij
lonemayanmining_a0=Eenzame Steengroeve
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Verlaten Pyramide
lonemayanruin_a0=Eenzaam Mayaans Huis
lonemayanshaman_a0=Shaman's Gebieden
mayanbandithome_a0=Bandiet Huis
mayanbandits_a0=Bandieten Uitkijkpost
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Vernietigde Pyramide
gifthouse_a0=Cadeautjeshuis
questpyramid_a0=Vervloekte Piramide
questpyramid_pit_a0=Vervloekte Piramide
questpyramid_guards_a0=Vervloekte Piramide
questpyramid_jail_a0=Vervloekte Piramide
questbarrack_a0=Barakken
questcamphouse_a0=Barakken
questguardtower_a0=Wachterstoren
mayancamp_a0=Mayaans Kamp
mayancamp_dig_a0=Mayaans Kamp
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Mayaans Kamp
mayancamp_jail_a0=Mayaans Kamp
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Mayaans Kamp
mayancamp_wall_a0=Mayaans Kamp
questcave_a0=Mayaanse Grot
questcave_door_a0=Mayaanse Grot
mayanguesthouse_a0=Herberg
borderpost_a0=Grenspost
borderpost_corner_a0=Grenspost (Hoek)
borderpost_gate_a0=Grenspost (Ingang)