
culture.byzantines=Bysantin
culture.fullname=Bysantinerna
village.controlled=Kontrollerad by
village.customcontrolled=Anpassad kontrollerad by
village.tradingvillage=Handels By
village.militaryvillage=Militär By
village.religiousvillage=Ortodox By
villager.architect_byzantine=Arkitekt
villager.baron_byzantine=Baron
villager.boy_byzantine=Pojke
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Fiskare
villager.girl_byzantine=Flicka
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Skogshuggare
villager.merchant_byzantine=Köpman
villager.miner_byzantine=Gruvarbetare
villager.lady_byzantine=Kvinna
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Fåraherde
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Siden Bonde
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Siden Vävare
villager.toolsmith_byzantine=Smed
villager.smith_byzantine=Smed
villager.smith_byzantine=Smed
villager.teenagerfemale=Ungdom
villager.teenagerfemale=Ungdom
villager.teenagermale=Ungdom
villager.teenagermale=Ungdom
villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Fåraherde
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Silkes vävare
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldat
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldat
villager.wife_byzantine=Fru
villager.merchant_art=Konsthandlare
villager.merchant_food=Mat försäljare
villager.merchant_materials=Material försäljare
villager.smuggler_silk=Siden köpman
villager.artisanwife_byzantine=Hantverkerska
villager.seamster_byzantine=Sömmare
villager.seamstress_byzantine=Sömmerska
villager.smelter_byzantine=Smältare
villager.pastor_byzantine=Pastor
villager.worker_byzantine=Arbetare
villager.guard_byzantine=Vakt
villager.host_byzantine=Värd
villager.hostesse_byzantine=Värdinna
villager.baroness_byzantine=Baronessa
villager.mason_byzantine=Stenläggare
villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurio
villager.special_byzanzine=Boskokrator
villager.oldshepherd_byzantine=Ensam Herde
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Vapensmed
villager.farmiller_byzantine=Mjölnare
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Mjölnarens fru
villager.monk_byzantine=Munk
villager.metroplit_byzantine=Storstads
shop.themporikos=Central Affär
shop.mason=Avancerade Material
shop.toolsmith=Verktyg
shop.dressmaker=Textiler & Ikoner
shop.centralworkshop=Grundläggande Material
shop.taverna=Mat & Dryck
shop.olivepress=Oliv Produkter
shop.specialshop=Boskratorn Kallar
shop.thstratiotike=Central Affär
shop.thorthodoxo=Central Affär
shop.armyforge=Verktyg,vapen och rustning
villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Vakt
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Vakt
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Vakt
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Vakt
villager.keeper_byzantine=Fyrvaktare
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Fåraherde
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Fåraherde
shop.bakery=Bageri
shop.clothing=Kläder
shop.fishery=Fisk
shop.forge=Verktyg
shop.lonesheep=Ull
shop.lonetower=Mat
shop.sheepfarm=Lamm,läder och feta
shop.tavernbyz=Vin
shop.townhall=Central Affär
shop.alchemyworkshop=Alkemiska Produkter
village.emporikos=Kommersiell by
village.military=Fort
village.ortodox=Religiös by
villager.artisan_byzantine=Hantverkare
villager.artwife_byzantine=Hantverkarens fru
villager.merchant_hindi=Indisk köpman
villager.merchant_japanese=Japansk köpman
villager.merchant_mayan=Maya köpman
villager.merchant_norman=Normansk köpman
villager.patriarch_byzantine=Patriark
villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldat
villager.richwife_byzantine=Rik kvinna