
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Forntida tempel
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Forntida teater
artisanbyzantine_a0=Hantverkaren's hus
bakerybyzantine_a0=Bageri
bakerybyzantine_a0=Bageri
barracksbyzantine_a0=Barack
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Barack sovrum
basilkabyzantine_a0=Marknad
chapelbyzantine_a0=Kapell
churchbyzantine_a0=Kyrk byggplats
churchbyzantine_a9=ortodoxa kyrkan
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Altare
farmbyzantine_a0=Farm
fisherbyzantine_a0=Fiskarens hus
forgebyzantine_a0=Smedja
fortbyzantine_a0=Fort
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Smedja
grovebyzantine_a0=Skogsdunge
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Gäst hus
innbyzantine_a0=Värdshus
lumberbyzantine_a0=Skogshuggarens hus
placebyzantine_a0=Stads huset
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Fort
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Smedja
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Prästgård
quarrybyzantine_a0=Stenbrott
sheepbyzantine_a0=Får farm
taverna_a0=Värdshus
testfarm_a0=Farm
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Väder kvarn
villa urbana_a0=Villa Urbana
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Vakttorn
well_a0=Brunn
workshopbyzantine_a0=Verkstad
birchtower_a0=Vakttorn
jungletower_a0=Vakttorn
oaktower_a0=Vakttorn
pinetower_a0=Vakttorn
architectbyzantine_a0=Arkitektens atelje
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort sovrum
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort sovrum
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort sovrum
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Björk skogsdunge
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Ek skogsdunge
lighthouse_a0=Fyr
lonecastle_a0=Ensamt fort
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Ensamt fort sovrumm
lonesheepfarm_a0=Ensam får farm
lonesheepfarm_b0=Ensam får farm
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort sovrum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort sovrum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort sovrum
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Silkes farm
vineyard_a0=Vingård
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Trännings område
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Kapell
gifthouse_a0=Present Hus
playersmallhouse_a0=Litet hus
crossbyzantine_a0=Vägsido Kors
parkbyzantine_a0=Björk
parkbyzantine_b0=Ek
parkbyzantine_c0=Ek
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
shrinebyzantine_a0=Helig Plats
wellbyzantine_a0=Brunn
wellbyzantine_b0=Brunn