
culture.indian=Indisk
culture.fullname=Indierna
village.indian_agricole=Lantbruksby
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=Liten lantbruks by
village.indian_controlled=Kontrollerad by
village.indian_customcontrolled=Anpassad kontrollerad by
village.indian_fort=Fort
village.indian_fort_hamlet=Liten militär by
village.indian_palace=Palats
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Adivasi bybo
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Adivasi bybo
villager.indian_armysmith=Armésmed
villager.indian_boy=Pojke
villager.indian_girl=Flicka
villager.indian_lonetrader=Ensam köpman
villager.indian_lumberman=Skogshuggare
villager.indian_merchant=Köpman
villager.indian_miner=Gruvarbetare
villager.indian_pandit=Präst
villager.indian_panditayin=Prästens fru
villager.indian_peasant=Bybo
villager.indian_peasantwife=Kvinnlig bybo
villager.indian_raja=
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=Rajput General
villager.indian_rani=
villager.indian_richwoman=Rik kvinna
villager.indian_sadhu=
villager.indian_sculptor=Sten huggare
villager.indian_smith=Smed
villager.indian_soldier=Rajput Soldat
villager.indian_teenagerfemale=Ungdom
villager.indian_teenagermale=Ungdom
villager.indian_villagechief=Byns hövding
villager.merchant_adivasi=Adivasi köpman
villager.merchant_oriental=Persisk köpman
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Byns köpman
villager.indian_craftsman=Hantverkare
villager.indian_painter=Målare
villager.indian_weaver=Vävare
shop.adivasifarm=Adivasi produkter
shop.armyforge=Rustning & vapen
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Värdefulla handelsvaror
shop.forge=Verktyg
shop.sculptor=Köp sten
shop.townhall=Central affär