
bath_a0=Bad hus
chickenfarm_a0=Kyckling farm
japanesearcheryrange_a0=Bågskytte bana
japanesearchive_a0=Arkiv
japanesearchive_b0=Arkiv
japanesecrafter_a0=Tillverknings hus
japanesecrafter_b0=Tillverknings hus
japanesefarm_a0=Vete Farm
japanesefarm_b0=Vete Farm
japanesefarmbig_a0=Farm Hus
japanesefarmbig_b0=Farm Hus
japanesefishery_a0=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_a1=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_b0=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_b1=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_c0=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_c1=Fiskeri
japaneseforge_a0=Smedja
japanesefort_a0=Fort
japanesegrove_a0=Skogsdunge
japanesegrove_b0=Skogsdunge
japanesegrove_c0=Skogsdunge
japanesehouse_a0=Litet hus
japanesehouselarge_a0=Stort hus
japanesehousemedium_a0=Hus
japanesehut_a0=Litet trä hus
japaneseinn_a0=Värds hus
japanesekitchen_a0=Kök
japanesekitchen_b0=Kök
japaneselmh_a0=Skogshuggare hus
japaneselookout_a0=Vakt torn
japaneselookout_b0=Vakt torn
japanesemarket_a0=Marknad
japanesepaddy_a0=Ris fält
japanesepagoda_a0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_b0=Pagoda
japanesepalace_a0=Palats
japanesepeasanth_a0=Bonde hus
japanesepeasanth_b0=Bonde hus
japanesepeasanth_c0=Bonde hus
japaneseplayerpalace_a0=Spelaren's ställe
japaneseplot1_a0=liten tomt
japaneseplot2_a0=Mellan tomt
japaneseplot3_a0=Stor tomt
japanesequarry_a0=Gruva
japanesequarry_b0=Gruva
japanesesamuraih_a0=Vakt post
japanesesamuraih_b0=Vakt post
japaneseshintoshrine_a0=Shinto skrin
japanesezen_a0=Damm
sakebrewery_a0=Sake Bryggeri
squidfarm_a0=Bläckfisk farm
well_a0=Brunn
bandit_cave_a0=Bandit grotta
banditfort_a0=Bandit Fort
japanesearmyforge_a0=Smedja
japaneseoutpost_a0=Japansk utpost
kufun_tomb_a0=Kufun grav
kufun_tomb_b0=Kufun grav
lonebuddha_a0=Staty av buddha
lonemine_a0=Enslig japansk gruva
woods_shrine_a0=Trä skrin
gifthouse_a0=Present hus
hotspringsinn_a0=Hot Springs värds hus
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Hot Springs värds hus
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Hot Springs värds hus
borderpost_a0=Gräns Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Gräns Post (Kant)
borderpost_gate_a0=Gräns Post (Entré)