
culture.mayan=Maja
culture.fullname=Majas
village.agriculture=jordbruks by
village.mayan_controlled=kontrollerad by
village.mayan_customcontrolled=anpassad kontrollerad by
village.military=militär by
village.religious=religiös by
villager.mayan_armysmith=Arme Smed
villager.mayan_boy=Pojke
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Kyckling Bonde
villager.mayan_chieftain=Hövding
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Kakao Bonde
villager.mayan_crafter=Hantverkare
villager.mayan_farmer=Majs Bonde
villager.mayan_girl=Flicka
villager.mayan_king=Kung
villager.mayan_leader=Ledare
villager.mayan_lumberman=Skogshuggare
villager.mayan_merchant=Köpman
villager.mayan_miner=Gruvarbetare
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Obsidian Hantverkare
villager.mayan_peasant=Bybo
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Kvinnlig Bybo
villager.mayan_richwoman=Drottning
villager.mayan_sculptor=Träsnidare
villager.mayan_shaman=Schaman
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Schamanens Fru
villager.mayan_teenagerfemale=Ungdom
villager.mayan_teenagermale=Ungdom
villager.mayan_warrior=Krigare
villager.lonemayanfarmer=Enslig Bonde
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Bondens Fru
villager.lonemayanshaman=Schaman
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Schamanens Fru
villager.mayanbanditboy=Bandit Pojke
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandit Krigare
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Bandit Tjej
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Bonde Köpman
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Jägar Köpman
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Schaman Köpman
villager.questfallenking=Fallen Kung
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Elit Krigare
villager.questkinglieutnant=Löjtnant
villager.questkingscout=Scout
villager.questkingwarrior=Krigare
villager.questshaman=Schaman
shop.lonemayanfarm=Farm Produckter
shop.mayanarmyforge=Rustning & Vapen
shop.mayancocoa=Kakao & cacauhaa
shop.mayancrafter=Verktyg
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Obsidian Verktyg
shop.mayansculptor=Köper sten och guld
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Kyckling Produkter
shop.mayantownhall=Central Affär