
mayanacropolis_a0=Kunglig Bollplan
mayanalter_a0=Offer Altare
mayanarmyforge_a0=Jägarens Hus
mayanbakery_a0=Bageri
mayanballcourt_a0=Bollplan
mayancacaofarm_a0=Kakao Plantage
mayancacaofarm_b0=Kakao Plantage
mayancalendar_a0=Sol Kalender
mayancave_a0=Grotta
mayancistern_a0=Tank
mayancornfarm_a0=Majs Farm
mayancornfarm_b0=Majs Farm
mayancornfarm_c0=Majs Farm
mayancrafter_a0=Hantverkare
mayangrove_a0=Skogsdunge
mayanguard_a0=Vakt hus
mayanhouse_a0=Maya Hem
mayanhouse_b0=Maya Hem
mayanhouse_c0=Maya Hem
mayanhouse_d0=Maya Hem
mayaninn_a0=Värdshus
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Lägre Hem
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Topp Hus
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Väldigt stort Hus
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Väldigt Stort Hus
mayanlibrary_a0=Bibliotek
mayanlumber_a0=Skogshuggarens hus
mayanmarket_a0=Marknad
mayanmining_a0=Sten gruva
mayanobservatory_a0=Observatorium
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Obsidian Verkstad
mayanplayerestate_a0=Stor pyramid
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Stor Pyramid
mayanpyramid_a0=Pyramid
mayanpyramid_a0=Maya Pyramid
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Träsnidarens Hus
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Shamanens mark
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=KycklingFarm
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Kyckling Farm
mayantemple_a0=Tempel
mayanwatchtower_a0=Vakt Torn
mayanbigwell_a0=Stor brunn
mayanshrine_a0=Skrin
mayanwell_a0=Brunn
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Spelarens Pyramid
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Stor Tomt
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Mellan Tomt
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Liten Tomt
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Gammalt Hus
lonemayancave_a0=Maya Grotta
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Maya Majs Farm ruin
lonemayanfarm_a0=Maya Enslig Farm
lonemayanmining_a0=Sten Gruva Ruin
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Maya Pyramid Ruin
lonemayanruin_a0=Maya Hem Ruin
lonemayanshaman_a0=Shamanens Mark
mayanbandithome_a0=Bandit Hem
mayanbandits_a0=Bandit Utpost
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Pyramid Ruin
gifthouse_a0=Present Hus
questpyramid_a0=Förbannad Pyramid
questpyramid_pit_a0=Förbannad Pyramid
questpyramid_guards_a0=Förbannad Pyramid
questpyramid_jail_a0=Förbannad Pyramid
questbarrack_a0=Barrack
questcamphouse_a0=Barrack
questguardtower_a0=Vakt Torn
mayancamp_a0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_dig_a0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_jail_a0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_wall_a0=Maya Läger
questcave_a0=Maya Grotta
questcave_door_a0=Maya Grotta
mayanguesthouse_a0=Bar
borderpost_a0=Gräns Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Gräns Post (Kant)
borderpost_gate_a0=Gräns Post (Entré)