
abbey_a0=Kloster
abbey_a_cell_0_a0=Munk Cell
abbey_a_cell_1_a0=Munk Cell
abbey_a_cell_2_a0=Munk Cell
abbey_a_altar_a0=Altare
abbey_a_tower_a0=Kloster torn
alchemyworkshop_a0=Alkemi verkstad
archives_a0=Arkiv
armoury_a0=Arsenal
bakery_a0=Bageri
carpenterhouse_a0=Snickarhus
cattlefarm_a0=Boskapsgard
church_a0=Kapell
church_a2=Kyrka
chickenfarmnorm_a0=Kyckling Farm
darkoakgrove_a0=Mörk ek skogsdunge
farm_a0=Farm
farm_b0=Farm
forge_a0=Smedja
fort_a0=Fort
fort_a_lefttower_a0=Vakttorn
fort_a_righttower_a0=Vakttorn
fountain_a0=Fontän
grove_a0=Skogsdunge
grove_b0=Skogsdunge
grove_c0=Skogsdunge
guardhouse_a0=Vakthus
guesthouse_a0=Gästhus
guildhouse_a0=Skrahus
inn_a0=Värdshus
largefort_a0=Stort fort
largefort_a_armoury_a0=Stor arsenal
largefort_a_barrack_a0=vaktrum
largefountain_a0=Stor fontän
lumbermanhut_a0=Timmermanshus
lumbermanhut_b0=Timmermanshus
manor_a0=Gård
market_a0=Marknad
pigfarm_a0=Grisfarm
playerestate_a0=Spelarens hus
playerhugefield_a0=Spelarens mycket stora mark
playerlargefield_a0=Spelarens stora mark
playerlargefort_a0=Spelarens stora fort
playerlargehouse_a0=Spelarens stora hus
playersmallfield_a0=Spelarens lilla mark
playersmallhouse_a0=Spelarens lilla hus
presbytery_a0=Prästhus
quarry_a0=Stenbrott
sheepchickenfarm_a0=Får- och kycklingfarm
tavern_a0=Taverna
townhall_a0=Stadshus
townhallagricole_a0=Jordbruks stadshus
watchtower_a0=Utkikstorn
well_a0=Brunn
playerfort_a0=Spelarens fort
anomalyone_a0=Avvikelse
anomalytwo_a0=Avvikelse
anomalythree_a0=Avvikelse
custom_chickenfarm=Kyckling farm
abandonedmill_a0=Övergiven kvarn