
brickkiln_a0=Four à briques
chiefhouse_a0=Demeure du chef
chiefhouse_b0=Demeure du chef
fort_a0=Fort
fort_a_forge_a0=Forge du fort
fort_a_soldierhouse_a0=Caserne
fort_a_soldierhouse2_a0=Maison du soldat
fort_a_cistern_a0=Citerne du fort
fort_a_temple_a0=Temple du fort
grove_a0=Bosquet
lumbermanhouse_a0=Maison de bûcheron
paddy_a0=Rizière
pandithouse_a0=Maison du prêtre
peasanthouse_a0=Maison paysanne
peasanthouse_b0=Maison paysanne
peasanthouse_c0=Maison paysanne
playerhugefield_a0=Très grand terrain
playerlargefield_a0=Grand terrain
playersmallfield_a0=Petit terrain
playersmallhouse_a0=Petite maison
quarry_a0=Carrière
quarry_b0=Carrière
soldierhouse_a0=Maison de soldat
sugarplantation_a0=Plantation de sucre
villagetemple_a0=Temple du village
playerestate_a0=Villa
spicegarden_a0=Jardin à épices
forge_a0=Forge
armyforge_a0=Forge militaire
scultorhouse_a0=Maison du sculpteur
archives_a0=Archive du temple
palace_a0=Palais
palace_temple_a0=Temple du palais
guesthouse_a0=Petite auberge
inn_a0=Auberge
largepeasanthouse_a0=Grande maison
largepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Maison secondaire
playerpalace_a0=Palais du joueur
playerpalace_temple_a0=Temple du palais
bazaar_a0=Marché
tank_a0=Puit
well_a0=Puit
adivasifarm_a0=Ferme adivasi
adivasifarm_b0=Ferme adivasi
deserttradeoutpost_a0=Relais du désert
ruinedfort_a0=Fort en ruine
sandblasted_a0=Relais abandonné
sadhutree_a0=Arbre du Sadhu
sadhutree_a0=Arbre du Sadhu
indiandesertedfarm_a0=Ferme indienne détruite
loneshrine_a0=Temple hindou isolé
gifthouse_a0=Maison bonus
villagetree_a0=Arbre du village
hindushrine_a0=Statue hindoue
craftsmanhouse_a0=Maison de l'artisan
painterhouse_a0=Maison du peintre
weaverhouse_a0=Maison du tisserand
cottonfield_a0=Champ de cotton
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_slope_left2_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_a0=Mur du village
full_wall_tower_a0=Tour murale
full_wall_cap_right_a0=Mur d'extrémité
full_wall_cap_left_a0=Mur d'extrémité
full_wall_corner_a0=Tour d'angle
full_wall_gateway_a0=Passerelle
borderpost_a0=Poste frontière
borderpost_corner_a0=Poste frontière (coin)
borderpost_gate_a0=Poste frontière (entrée)