
animistic_a0=Temple Cérémoniel
armourerhouse_a0=Maison De l'Armurier
armoury_a0=Armurerie
carver_a0=Maison du Sculpteur
council_a0=Maison communautaire
farmp_a0=Ferme de Patates
farmp_b0=Ferme de Patates
farmw_a0=Ferme à blé
fisherman_a0=Maison du Pêcheur
foodpreparer_a0=Cuisines
foodprephouse_a0=Maison Du Cuisinier
grove_a0=Bosquet
grove_b0=Bosquet
grove_c0=Bosquet
grove_d0=Bosquet
guesthouse_a0=Maison d'Hôtes
hunter_a0=Maison du Chasseur
hunterex_a0=Maison du Chasseur
lumberman_a0=Maison du Bûcheron
market_a0=Marché
offering_a0=Cercle Cérémoniel
shaman_a0=Maison du Chaman
shamanistic_a0=Temple Cérémoniel
sodder_a0=Maison du Jardinier
tannery_a0=Tannerie
banditshack_a0=Cabane de Bandits
banditshack_b0=Taudis de Bandits
bison_a0=Champ de Bisons
inuksuit_a0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_b0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_c0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_d0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_e0=Inuksuit
inuksuit_f0=Inuksuit
lake2_a0=Lac
lake_a0=Lac
lake_a_fisherman_a0=Maison du Pêcheur
loneanishaman_a0=Temple Cérémoniel isolé
offering1_a0=Cercle Cérémoniel
offering2_a0=Cercle Cérémoniel
polarbearcave_a0=Grotte de l'Ours Polaire
loneanimistic_a0=Animiste Isolé
loneartisan_a0=Artisan Isolé
lonedisiglu2_a0=Igloo Isolé
lonedisiglu_a0=Igloo Isolé
lonedislogcabin2_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonedislogcabin_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonefisherman_a0=Pêcheur Isolé
loneiglu2_a0=Igloo Isolé
loneiglu_a0=Igloo Isolé
lonelogcabin2_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonelogcabin_a0=Hutte en Bois Isolée
lonewoodworker_a0=Bûcheron Isolé
sanduit_a0=Bâtiment Isolé
gifthouse_a0=Maison bonus
player_tannery_a0=Tannerie du Joueur
playercampsite_a0=Coin du Joueur
playeriglu_a0=Igloo
playerlargegrove_a0=Grand Bosquet
playerlargehouse_a0=Grande Maison
playermedhouse_a0=Maison
playersmallhouse_a0=Petite Maison
hunterth_a0=Maison du chasseur
flower_a0=Champ de fleurs
flower_b0=Champ de fleurs
flower_c0=Champ de fleurs
flower_d0=Champ de fleurs
flower_e0=Champ de fleurs
borderpost_a0=Poste frontière
borderpost_corner_a0=Poste frontière (coin)
borderpost_gate_a0=Poste frontière (entrée)