
bath_a0=Bain public
chickenfarm_a0=Élevage de poulets
japanesearcheryrange_a0=Stand de tir
japanesearchive_a0=Archives
japanesearchive_b0=Archives
japanesecrafter_a0=Atelier
japanesecrafter_b0=Atelier
japanesefarm_a0=Ferme de blé
japanesefarm_b0=Ferme de blé
japanesefarmbig_a0=Ferme centrale
japanesefarmbig_b0=Ferme centrale
japanesefishery_a0=Étang à poisson
japanesefishery_a1=Poissonerie
japanesefishery_b0=Étang à poisson
japanesefishery_b1=Poissonerie
japanesefishery_c0=Étang à poisson
japanesefishery_c1=Poissonerie
japaneseforge_a0=Forge
japanesefort_a0=Château
japanesegrove_a0=Plantation
japanesegrove_b0=Plantation
japanesegrove_c0=Plantation
japanesehouse_a0=Petite Maison
japanesehouselarge_a0=Grande Maison
japanesehousemedium_a0=Maison
japanesehut_a0=Petite maison de bois
japaneseinn_a0=Auberge
japanesekitchen_a0=Cuisine
japanesekitchen_b0=Cuisine
japaneselmh_a0=Maison du bûcheron
japaneselookout_a0=Tour de garde
japaneselookout_b0=Tour de garde
japanesemarket_a0=Marché
japanesepaddy_a0=Champs de riz
japanesepagoda_a0=Pagode
japanesepagoda_b0=Pagode
japanesepalace_a0=Bureau Impérial
japanesepeasanth_a0=Maison du paysan
japanesepeasanth_b0=Maison du paysan
japanesepeasanth_c0=Maison du paysan
japaneseplayerpalace_a0=Palais du joueur
japaneseplot1_a0=Petit terrain
japaneseplot2_a0=Terrain moyen
japaneseplot3_a0=Grand terrain
japanesequarry_a0=Carrière
japanesequarry_b0=Carrière
japanesesamuraih_a0=Maison du garde
japanesesamuraih_b0=Maison du garde
japaneseshintoshrine_a0=Temple Shinto
japanesezen_a0=Ike
sakebrewery_a0=Brasserie de saké
squidfarm_a0=Élevage de calmar
well_a0=Puit
bandit_cave_a0=Caverne des bandits
banditfort_a0=Fort de bandits
japanesearmyforge_a0=Forge militaire
japaneseoutpost_a0=Avant-poste Japonais
kufun_tomb_a0=Tombe Kufun
kufun_tomb_b0=Tombe Kufun
lonebuddha_a0=Statue de Bouddha
lonemine_a0=Mine japonaise isolée
woods_shrine_a0=Sanctuaire des bois
gifthouse_a0=Maison bonus
hotspringsinn_a0=Auberge sources chaudes
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Auberge sources chaudes
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Auberge sources chaudes
borderpost_a0=Poste frontière
borderpost_corner_a0=Poste frontière (coin)
borderpost_gate_a0=Poste frontière (entrée)