culture.mayan=Maya
culture.fullname=Les mayas

village.agriculture=village agricole
village.mayan_controlled=village contrôlé
village.mayan_customcontrolled=village contrôlé perso
village.military=village militaire
village.religious=village religieux

villager.mayan_boy=Garçon
villager.mayan_girl=Fille
villager.mayan_teenagerMale=Jeune
villager.mayan_teenagerFemale=Jeune
villager.mayan_lumberman=Bûcheron
villager.mayan_miner=Mineur
villager.mayan_shaman=Chamane
villager.mayan_peasant=Paysan
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Paysanne
villager.mayan_leader=Chef
villager.mayan_richwoman=Reine
villager.mayan_warrior=Guerrier
villager.mayan_chieftain=Chef
villager.mayan_crafter=Artisan
villager.mayan_armysmith=Forgeron militaire
villager.mayan_sculptor=Sculpteur
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Femme du chamane
villager.mayan_king=Roi
villager.mayan_merchant=Marchand
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Éleveur de volaille
villager.mayan_farmer=Fermier
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Artisan d'obsidienne
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Planteur de cacao

villager.lonemayanfarmer=Fermier isolé
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Fermière
villager.lonemayanshaman=Chamane
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Femme du chamane
villager.mayanbanditboy=Jeune bandit
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandit
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Femme bandit

villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Fermier commerçant
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Chasseur commerçant
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Shaman commerçant

villager.questfallenking=Roi déchu
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Guerrier d'élite
villager.questkinglieutnant=Lieutenant
villager.questkingscout=Scout
villager.questkingwarrior=Guerrier
villager.questshaman=Chamane

shop.mayantownhall=Magasin central
shop.mayancrafter=Outils
shop.mayanarmyforge=Armes & armures
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Volaille
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Objets en obsidienne
shop.lonemayanfarm=Produits fermiers
shop.mayancocoa=Cacao & cacauhaa
shop.mayansculptor=Achat de pierre et d'or