
mayanacropolis_a0=Jeu de pelote royal
mayanalter_a0=Autel sacrificiel
mayanarmyforge_a0=Forge du chasseur
mayanbakery_a0=Boulangerie
mayanballcourt_a0=Jeu de pelote
mayancacaofarm_a0=Plantation de cacao
mayancacaofarm_b0=Plantation de cacao
mayancalendar_a0=Calendrier solaire
mayancave_a0=Caverne
mayancistern_a0=Citerne
mayancornfarm_a0=Ferme de maïs
mayancornfarm_b0=Ferme de maïs
mayancornfarm_c0=Ferme de maïs
mayancrafter_a0=Maison de l'artisan
mayangrove_a0=Bosquet
mayanguard_a0=Maison du gardien
mayanhouse_a0=Maison maya
mayanhouse_b0=Maison maya
mayanhouse_c0=Maison maya
mayanhouse_d0=Maison maya
mayaninn_a0=Auberge
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Maison inférieure
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Maison supérieure
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Grande maison
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Grande maison
mayanlibrary_a0=Librairie
mayanlumber_a0=Maison du bûcheron
mayanmarket_a0=Marché
mayanmining_a0=Carrière
mayanobservatory_a0=Observatoire
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Atelier d'obsidienne
mayanplayerestate_a0=Grande pyramide
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Grande maison
mayanpyramid_a0=Pyramide
mayanpyramid_a0=Pyramide
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Maison du sculpteur
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Terres chamaniques
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=Élevage de volaille
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Élevage de volaille
mayantemple_a0=Temple
mayanwatchtower_a0=Tour de guet
mayanbigwell_a0=Grand puit
mayanshrine_a0=Petit sanctuaire
mayanwell_a0=Puit
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Pyramide du joueur
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Grand terrain
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Terrain moyen
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Petit terrain
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Vieille maison
lonemayancave_a0=Cave maya
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Ferme maya abandonée
lonemayanfarm_a0=Ferme maya isolée
lonemayanmining_a0=Mine maya abandonée
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Pyramide maya abandonée
lonemayanruin_a0=Maison maya abandonée
lonemayanshaman_a0=Terres chamaniques
mayanbandithome_a0=Demeure de bandits
mayanbandits_a0=Avant-poste de bandits
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Pyramide perdue
gifthouse_a0=Maison bonus
questpyramid_a0=Pyramide Maudite
questpyramid_pit_a0=Pyramide Maudite
questpyramid_guards_a0=Pyramide Maudite
questpyramid_jail_a0=Pyramide Maudite
questbarrack_a0=Barraque
questcamphouse_a0=Barraque
questguardtower_a0=Tour de garde
mayancamp_a0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_dig_a0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_jail_a0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_wall_a0=Camp Maya
questcave_a0=Caverne Maya
questcave_door_a0=Caverne Maya
mayanguesthouse_a0=auberge
borderpost_a0=Poste frontière
borderpost_corner_a0=Poste frontière (coin)
borderpost_gate_a0=Poste frontière (entrée)