
culture.indian=Hindi
culture.fullname=Hindusi
village.indian_agricole=Wioska rolnicza
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=Wioska rolnicza
village.indian_controlled=Wioska kontrolowana
village.indian_customcontrolled=Niestandardowa wioska kontrolowana
village.indian_fort=Fort
village.indian_fort_hamlet=Wioska militarna
village.indian_palace=Pałac
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Chłop Adivasi
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Chłop Adivasi
villager.indian_armysmith=Wojskowy kowal
villager.indian_boy=Chlopczyk
villager.indian_girl=Dziewczynka
villager.indian_lonetrader=Samotny kupiec
villager.indian_lumberman=Drwal
villager.indian_merchant=Kupiec
villager.indian_miner=Gornik
villager.indian_pandit=Guru
villager.indian_panditayin=Zona Guru
villager.indian_peasant=Chłop
villager.indian_peasantwife=Chłopczyca
villager.indian_raja=
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=Rajpucki General
villager.indian_rani=
villager.indian_richwoman=Mozna pani
villager.indian_sadhu=
villager.indian_sculptor=Rzezbiarz
villager.indian_smith=Kowal
villager.indian_soldier=Rajpucki zolnierz
villager.indian_teenagerfemale=Nastolatka
villager.indian_teenagermale=Nastolatek
villager.indian_villagechief=Szef wioski
villager.merchant_adivasi=Kupiec Adivasi
villager.merchant_oriental=Perski kupiec
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Kupiec wioski
villager.indian_craftsman=Rzemieślnik
villager.indian_painter=Malarz
villager.indian_weaver=Tkacz
shop.adivasifarm=Produkty Adivasi
shop.armyforge=Zbroje i bronie
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Cenny handel
shop.forge=Nardzędzia
shop.sculptor=Kupuje kamień
shop.townhall=Sklep centralny