
bath_a0=Kąpalnia
chickenfarm_a0=Hodowla Drobiu
japanesearcheryrange_a0=Strzelnica
japanesearchive_a0=Archiwa
japanesearchive_b0=Archiwa
japanesecrafter_a0=Warsztat
japanesecrafter_b0=Warsztat
japanesefarm_a0=Farma pszenicy
japanesefarm_b0=Farma pszenicy
japanesefarmbig_a0=Farma
japanesefarmbig_b0=Farma
japanesefishery_a0=Staw z rybami
japanesefishery_a1=Chata rybaka
japanesefishery_b0=Staw z rybami
japanesefishery_b1=Chata rybaka
japanesefishery_c0=Staw z rybami
japanesefishery_c1=Chata rybaka
japaneseforge_a0=Kuźnia
japanesefort_a0=Fort
japanesegrove_a0=Gaj
japanesegrove_b0=Gaj
japanesegrove_c0=Gaj
japanesehouse_a0=Mały dom
japanesehouselarge_a0=Duży dom
japanesehousemedium_a0=Dom
japanesehut_a0=Mały drewniany dom
japaneseinn_a0=Karczma
japanesekitchen_a0=Kuchnia
japanesekitchen_b0=Kuchnia
japaneselmh_a0=Chata drwala
japaneselookout_a0=Wieża obserwacyjna
japaneselookout_b0=Wieża strażnicza
japanesemarket_a0=Rynek
japanesepaddy_a0=Pole ryżowe
japanesepagoda_a0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_b0=Pagoda
japanesepalace_a0=Urząd cesarski
japanesepeasanth_a0=Chata mieszkańca
japanesepeasanth_b0=Chata osadnika
japanesepeasanth_c0=Chata obywatela
japaneseplayerpalace_a0=Pałac gracza
japaneseplot1_a0=Mała działka budowlana
japaneseplot2_a0=Średnia działka budowlana
japaneseplot3_a0=Duża działka budowlanaa
japanesequarry_a0=Kamieniołom
japanesequarry_b0=Kamieniołom
japanesesamuraih_a0=Dom strażnika
japanesesamuraih_b0=Dom stróża
japaneseshintoshrine_a0=Brama Torii
japanesezen_a0=Staw
sakebrewery_a0=Browar Sake
squidfarm_a0=Hodowla kałamarnic
well_a0=Studnia
bandit_cave_a0=Jaskinia bandytów
banditfort_a0=Fort bandytów
japanesearmyforge_a0=Kuźnia wojskowa
japaneseoutpost_a0=Japoński posterunek
kufun_tomb_a0=Grobowiec Kufun
kufun_tomb_b0=Grobowiec Kufun
lonebuddha_a0=Rzeźba Buddhy
lonemine_a0=Odosobniona japońska kopalnia
woods_shrine_a0=Drewniany posążek
gifthouse_a0=Prezent
hotspringsinn_a0=Karczma Hot Springs
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Karczma Hot Springs
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Karczma Hot Springs
borderpost_a0=Znak graniczny
borderpost_corner_a0=Znak graniczny (Róg)
borderpost_gate_a0=Znak graniczny (Wejście)