
mayanacropolis_a0=Dwór
mayanalter_a0=Oltarz ofiarny
mayanarmyforge_a0=Chata mysliwego
mayanbakery_a0=Piekarnia
mayanballcourt_a0=Boisko
mayancacaofarm_a0=Plantacja kakao
mayancacaofarm_b0=Plantacja kakao
mayancalendar_a0=Kalendarz sloneczny
mayancave_a0=Jaskinia
mayancistern_a0=Zbiornik
mayancornfarm_a0=Uprawa kukurydzy
mayancornfarm_b0=Uprawa kukurydzy
mayancornfarm_c0=Uprawa kukurydzy
mayancrafter_a0=Cech rzemieslniczy
mayangrove_a0=Gaj
mayanguard_a0=Dom straznika
mayanhouse_a0=Dom
mayanhouse_b0=Dom
mayanhouse_c0=Dom
mayanhouse_d0=Dom
mayaninn_a0=Oberza
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Mniejszy dom
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Wielki dom
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Bardzo duzy dom
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Duzy dom
mayanlibrary_a0=Biblioteka
mayanlumber_a0=Dom drwala
mayanmarket_a0=Market
mayanmining_a0=Kamieniolom
mayanobservatory_a0=Obserwatorium
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Warsztat obsydianu
mayanplayerestate_a0=Duza piramida
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Wielka piramida
mayanpyramid_a0=Piramida
mayanpyramid_a0=Piramida
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Dom rzezbiarza
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Teren szamana
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=Hodowla kurczakow
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Hodowla kurczakow
mayantemple_a0=Swiatynia
mayanwatchtower_a0=Wieza straznicza
mayanbigwell_a0=Wielka studnia
mayanshrine_a0=Sanktuarium
mayanwell_a0=Studnia
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Piramida gracza
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Duze pole
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Srednie pole
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Male pole
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Stary dom
lonemayancave_a0=Jaskinia majów
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Zaginona farma kukurydzy
lonemayanfarm_a0=Farma samotnika majów
lonemayanmining_a0=Zaginiona kopalnia
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Zaginiona piramida majów
lonemayanruin_a0=Zaginiony Dom Majow
lonemayanshaman_a0=Ziemie szamana
mayanbandithome_a0=Chatka Bandytow
mayanbandits_a0=Bandit Outpost
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Zaginiona Piramida
gifthouse_a0=Dom prezentów
questpyramid_a0=Przeklęta piramida
questpyramid_pit_a0=Przeklęta piramida
questpyramid_guards_a0=Przeklęta piramida
questpyramid_jail_a0=Przeklęta piramida
questbarrack_a0=Baraki
questcamphouse_a0=Baraki
questguardtower_a0=Wieża strażnicza
mayancamp_a0=Obóz majów
mayancamp_dig_a0=Obóz majów
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Obóz majów
mayancamp_jail_a0=Obóz majów
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Obóz majów
mayancamp_wall_a0=Obóz majów
questcave_a0=Obóz majów
questcave_door_a0=Obóz majów