
culture.mayan=Majow
culture.fullname=Majowie
village.agriculture=Wioska rolnicza
village.mayan_controlled=Wioska kontrolowana
village.mayan_customcontrolled=Niestandarowa kontrolowana wioska
village.military=Wioska militarna
village.religious=Wioska religijna
villager.mayan_armysmith=Kowal wojskowy
villager.mayan_boy=Chlopiec
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Hodowca kur
villager.mayan_chieftain=Wodz
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Farmer kakao
villager.mayan_crafter=Rzemieslnik
villager.mayan_farmer=Hodowca kukurydzy
villager.mayan_girl=Dziewczyna
villager.mayan_king=Krol
villager.mayan_leader=Przywodca
villager.mayan_lumberman=Drwal
villager.mayan_merchant=Kupiec
villager.mayan_miner=Gornik
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Rzemieślnik obsydianiu
villager.mayan_peasant=Wiesniak
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Wiesniaczka
villager.mayan_richwoman=Krolowa
villager.mayan_sculptor=Rzezbiarz
villager.mayan_shaman=Szaman
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Zona szamana
villager.mayan_teenagerfemale=Nastolatka
villager.mayan_teenagermale=Nastolatek
villager.mayan_warrior=Wojownik
villager.lonemayanfarmer=Samotny rolnik
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Zona rolnika
villager.lonemayanshaman=Szaman
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Zona szamana
villager.mayanbanditboy=Chlopiec bandyta
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandyta wojownik
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Bandytka
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Handlarz rolnik
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Handlarz mysliwy
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Handlarz szaman
villager.questfallenking=Upadły król
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Elitarny wojownik
villager.questkinglieutnant=Porucznik
villager.questkingscout=Zwiadowca
villager.questkingwarrior=Wojownik
villager.questshaman=Szaman
shop.lonemayanfarm=Produkty farmerskie
shop.mayanarmyforge=Bronie i zbroja
shop.mayancocoa=Kakao i cacauhaa
shop.mayancrafter=Narzędzia
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Obsydianowe narzędzia
shop.mayansculptor=Kupuje kamień i złoto
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Produkty kurczakowe
shop.mayantownhall=Sklep centralny