
culture.norman=Norman
culture.fullname=Normanie
village.agricole=Wioska rolnicza
village.artisans=Wioska rzemieślnicza
village.bourg_autonome=Miasto autonomiczne
village.controlled=Wioska kontrolowana
village.customcontrolled=Niestandardowa kontrolowana wioska
village.ecclesiastique=Duchowna wieś
village.grosbourg=Miasto
village.hameau_abbatiale=Wioska opacka
village.hameau_agricole=Wioska rolnicza
village.hameau_artisans=Wioska rzemieślnicza
village.notredame=Katedra
village.militaire=Wioska militarna
villager.abbot=Opat
villager.boy=Chłopiec
villager.carpenter=Cieśla
villager.cattlefarmerfemale=Pasterz
villager.cattlefarmermale=Pasterz
villager.farmer=Farmer
villager.girl=Dziewczynka
villager.guard=Strażnik
villager.guildmaster=Mistrz gildii
villager.knight=Rycerz
villager.lady=Dwórka
villager.lumberman=Drwal
villager.merchant=Kupiec
villager.merchant_art=Handlarz dziełami sztuki
villager.merchant_food=Handlarz żywnością
villager.merchant_plant=Handlarz roślin
villager.merchant_viking=Handlarz wikingów
villager.merchant_weapon=Handlarz bronią
villager.merchant_wool=Handlarz tekstyliami
villager.miner=Górnik
villager.monk=Mnich
villager.pigherd=Świniopas
villager.pigherdf=Świniopas
villager.priest=Ksiądz
villager.seneschal=Majordom
villager.shepherd=Pasterz
villager.shepherdf=Pasterz
villager.smith=Kowal
villager.teenagerfemale=Młódka
villager.teenagermale=Młodzieniec
villager.wife=Wieśniaczka
villager.ciderproducer=Producent jabłecznika
villager.alchemist=Alchemik
villager.alchemistapprentice=Alchemik Czeladnik
villager.alchemistassistant=Asystent Alchemika
villager.armoredbandit=Bandyta
villager.bandit=Bandyta
villager.felonbaron=Bandyta
villager.felonsoldier=Bandyta
villager.innkeeperfemale=Karczmarka
villager.innkeepermale=Karczmarz
villager.loneabbot=Opat
villager.lonelumberman=Drwal
villager.lonelumbermantaiga=Drwal
villager.lonemiller=Młynarz
villager.loneminer=Górnik
villager.lonemonk=Mnich
villager.lonewife=Samotna żona
villager.merchant_weapons=Handlarz bronią
villager.robberbaron=Herszt bandytów
villager.robberleader=Herszt bandytów
villager.glassblower=Szklarz
villager.herbalist=Zielarz
villager.weaver=Tkacz
villager.architect=Architekt
villager.marvelbuilder=Budowniczy cudów
villager.pilgrim=Pielgrzym
villager.pilgrimfemale=Pielgrzym
villager.bishop=Biskup
villager.host=Gospodarz
villager.hostess=Gospodorzyni
villager.marvelpriest=
villager.orderguard=
villager.ordervicar=Głowa porządku
villager.vicar=Wikariusz
shop.alchemyworkshop=Produkty alchemiczne
shop.alchemyworkshop=Produkty Alchemiczne
shop.armoury=Uzbrojenie
shop.bakery=Chleb
shop.cattlefarm=Produkty wołowe
shop.forge=Narzędzia
shop.loneabbey=Produkty Opactwa
shop.loneinn=Jedzenie i napoje
shop.lonelumberman=Drewno i jabłka
shop.lonelumbermantaiga=Drewno
shop.lonemill=Chleb
shop.lonemine=Kamień
shop.loneorchard=Jabłecznik i jabłka
shop.orchard=Jabłka winne
shop.pigfarm=Produkty wieprzowe
shop.sheepchickenfarm=Drób
shop.tavern=Alkohol
shop.townhall=Sklep Centralny
shop.notredame=Magazyn
shop.glassblower=Barwione szkła i pigmenty
shop.glassblower=Barwione szkła i pigmenty
shop.weaver=Dywany i pigmenty
shop.weaver=Dywany i pigmenty
shop.lumberman=