
mayanplayerestate_A0=Stor pyramide
mayancrafter_A0=Håndverkerbolig
mayanarmyforge_A0=Jegerens smie
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Skulptørbolig
mayanlibrary_A0=Bibliotek
mayanacropolis_A0=Kongelig ballbane
mayanalter_A0=Oppofrelsesalter
mayanhouse_A0=Mayahjem
mayanhouse_B0=Mayahjem
mayanhouse_C0=Mayahjem
mayanhouse_D0=Mayahjem
mayanlumber_A0=Øksemannbolig
mayanmining_A0=Steingruve
mayanguard_A0=Beskytterbolig
mayangrove_A0=Lund
mayanpyramid_A0=Pyramide
mayaninn_A0=Kro
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Veldig stort hjem
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Veldig stort hus
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Lavere hjem
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Øvre hus
mayanbakery_A0=Bakeri
mayanballcourt_A0=Ballbane
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Storslagen pyramide
mayancalendar_A0=Solkalender
mayancave_A0=Hule
mayancistern_A0=Sisterne
mayancornfarm_A0=Kornfarm
mayancornfarm_B0=Kornfarm
mayancornfarm_C0=Kornfarm
mayanobservatory_A0=Observatorium
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Kyllingfarm
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Stor tomt
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Medium tomt
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Liten tomt
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Gammelt hus
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Sjamanens eiendom
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Kyllingfarm
mayantemple_A0=Tempel
mayanwatchtower_A0=Utkikkstårn
mayanmarket_A0=Marked
mayancacaofarm_A0=Kakaoplantasje
mayancacaofarm_B0=Kakaoplantasje

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Spillerens pyramide

lonemayancave_A0=Mayahule
lonemayanfarm_A0=Enslig mayafarm
lonemayanshaman_A0=Sjamanens eiendom
mayanbandits_A0=Utkikkspost til banditter
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Tapt pyramide
mayanbandithome_A0=Bandittbolig
lonemayanruin_A0=Tapt mayahjem
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Tapt mayakornfarm
lonemayanmining_A0=Tapt steingruve
mayanpyramid_A0=Pyramide

gifthouse_a0=Gavehus

questpyramid_A0=Forbannet pyramide
questpyramid_pit_A0=Forbannet pyramide
questpyramid_guards_A0=Forbannet pyramide
questpyramid_jail_A0=Forbannet pyramide

questguardtower_A0=Vakttårn
questcamphouse_A0=Brakke
questbarrack_A0=Brakke

mayancamp_A0=Mayaleir
mayancamp_outerguard_A0=Mayaleir
mayancamp_dig_A0=Mayaleir
mayancamp_wall_A0=Mayaleir
mayancamp_jail_A0=Mayaleir
mayancamp_innerguard_A0=Mayaleir

questcave_door_A0=Mayahule
questcave_A0=Mayahule