
culture.mayan=Maya
culture.fullname=Die Maya
village.agriculture=Landwirtschaftliches Dorf
village.mayan_controlled=Kontrolliertes Dorf
village.mayan_customcontrolled=Selbsterstelltes Kontrolliertes Dorf
village.military=Militärisches Dorf
village.religious=Religöses Dorf
villager.mayan_armysmith=Waffenschmied
villager.mayan_boy=Junge
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Hühnchenzüchter
villager.mayan_chieftain=Häuptling
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Kakaobauer
villager.mayan_crafter=Handwerker
villager.mayan_farmer=Mais Bauer
villager.mayan_girl=Mädchen
villager.mayan_king=König
villager.mayan_leader=Operhaupt
villager.mayan_lumberman=Holzfäller
villager.mayan_merchant=Händler
villager.mayan_miner=Bergarbeiter
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Obsidianhandwerker
villager.mayan_peasant=Bauer
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Bäuerin
villager.mayan_richwoman=Königin
villager.mayan_sculptor=Bildhauer
villager.mayan_shaman=Schamane
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Frau des Schamanen
villager.mayan_teenagerfemale=Jugendliche
villager.mayan_teenagermale=Jugendlicher
villager.mayan_warrior=Krieger
villager.lonemayanfarmer=Einsamer Bauer
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Frau des Bauern
villager.lonemayanshaman=Schamane
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Frau des Schamanen
villager.mayanbanditboy=Banditenjunge
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandit Krieger
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Banditenmädchen
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Handelnder Bauer
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Handelnder Jäger
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Handelnder Schamane
villager.questfallenking=Gestürtzter König
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Elite Krieger
villager.questkinglieutnant=Leutnant
villager.questkingscout=Späher
villager.questkingwarrior=Krieger
villager.questshaman=Schamane
shop.lonemayanfarm=Farm Produkte
shop.mayanarmyforge=Waffen & Rüstungen
shop.mayancocoa=Kakao & Cacauhaa
shop.mayancrafter=Werkzeuge
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Obsidian Artikel
shop.mayansculptor=Kauft Stein und Gold
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Hühnchenzüchter
shop.mayantownhall=Dorfzentrum