
abbey_a0=Abtei
abbey_a_cell_0_a0=Mönchzelle
abbey_a_cell_1_a0=Mönchzelle
abbey_a_cell_2_a0=Mönchzelle
abbey_a_altar_a0=Altar
abbey_a_tower_a0=Abteiturm
abbey_a_tower_b0=Abteiturm
alchemyworkshop_a0=Alchemiewerkstatt
archives_a0=Archiv
armoury_a0=Armeeschmiede
bakery_a0=Bäckerei
carpenterhouse_a0=Schreinerei
cattlefarm_a0=Rinderzucht
church_a0=Kapelle
church_a2=Kirche
chickenfarmnorm_a0=Hühnerzucht
darkoakgrove_a0=Schwarzeichen Hain
farm_a0=Bauernhof
farm_b0=Bauernhof
forge_a0=Schmiede
fort_a0=Festung
fort_a_lefttower_a0=Wachturm
fort_a_righttower_a0=Wachturm
fountain_a0=Springbrunnen
grove_a0=Hain
grove_b0=Hain
grove_c0=Hain
guardhouse_a0=Haus der Wache
guesthouse_a0=Gästehaus
guildhouse_a0=Gildenhalle
inn_a0=Herberge
largefort_a0=Große Festung
largefort_a_armoury_a0=Schmiede der großen Festung
largefort_a_barrack_a0=Wachhaus
largefountain_a0=Grosser Springbrunnen
lumbermanhut_a0=Holzfällerhütte
lumbermanhut_b0=Holzfällerhütte
manor_a0=Landhaus
market_a0=Markt
pigfarm_a0=Schweinezucht
playerestate_a0=Anwesen
playerhugefield_a0=Riesiges Grundstück
playerlargefield_a0=Großes Grundstück
playerlargefort_a0=Große Festung des Spielers
playerlargehouse_a0=Bürgerliches Haus
playersmallfield_a0=Kleines Grundstück
playersmallhouse_a0=Kleines Haus
presbytery_a0=Pfarrhaus
quarry_a0=Steinbruch
sheepchickenfarm_a0=Schafzucht
tavern_a0=Taverne
townhall_a0=Rathaus
townhallagricole_a0=Landwirt. Rathaus
watchtower_a0=Wachturm
well_a0=Brunnen
playerfort_a0=Festung des Spielers
anomalyone_a0=Anomalie
anomalytwo_a0=Anomalie
anomalythree_a0=Anomalie
custom_chickenfarm=Hühnerzucht
abandonedmill_a0=Verlassene Mühle
abandonedmine_a0=Verlassene Mine
abandonedtower_a0=Verlassener Turm
alchemisttower_a0=Turm des Alchemisten
banditlair_a0=Banditenversteck
bandittower_a0=Banditenturm
feloncastle_a0=Raubritterburg
loneabbey_a0=Abgelegenes Kloster
loneabbey_a_altar_a0=Altar
lonegrove_a0=Abgelegener Hain
lonegrovetaiga_a0=Abgelegener Hain
loneinn_a0=Abgelegene Gaststätte
loneinn_a_stall_0_a0=Abgelegene Gaststätte
loneinn_a_stall_1_a0=Abgelegene Gaststätte
loneroadhouse_a0=Abgelegenes Straßenhaus
lonelumbermanhut_a0=Einsame Holzfällerhütte
lonelumbermantaigahut_a0=Einsame Holzfällerhütte
lonemill_a0=Einsame Wassermühle
lonemine_a0=Steinbruch
loneorchard_a0=Abgelegener Obstgarten
pantheon_a0=Pantheon
ruinedfarm_a0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
ruinedfarm_b0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
ruinedfarm_c0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
gifthouse_a0=Geschenkhaus
glassblower_a0=Glasbläserwerkstatt
weaverhouse_a0=Weberwerkstatt
smallorchard_a0=Kleiner Obstgarten
largeorchard_a0=Großer Obstgarten
abbaye_a0=Kathedrale
abbaye_a0=Kathedrale
manor_a_inn_a0=Landgutstaverne
pilgrimhall_a0=Pilgerhalle
warehouse_a0=Warenhaus
workerhall_a0=Arbeiterhalle
abbaye_a_altar_a0=Altar
abbaye_a_apse_bottom_a0=Apsis (Norden)
abbaye_a_apse_top_a0=Apsis (Süden)
abbaye_a_choir_bottom_a0=Chor (Norden)
abbaye_a_choir_top_a0=Chor (Süden)
abbaye_a_confessional_a0=Beichtstuhl
abbaye_a_council_a0=Ratskammer
abbaye_a_dome_a0=Kuppel
abbaye_a_library_a0=Bücherei
abbaye_a_nave_left_bottom_a0=Hauptschiff (Nordost)
abbaye_a_nave_left_top_a0=Hauptschiff (Südost)
abbaye_a_nave_right_bottom_a0=Hauptschiff (Nordwest)
abbaye_a_nave_right_top_a0=Hauptschiff (Südost)
abbaye_a_organ_a0=Orgel
abbaye_a_pews_a0=Kirchengestühl
abbaye_a_portal_a0=Portal
abbaye_a_pulpit_a0=Kanzel
abbaye_a_tower_bottom_a0=Nordturm
abbaye_a_tower_top_a0=Südturm
abbaye_a_transept_bottom_a0=Nördliches Auerschiff
abbaye_a_transept_top_a0=Südliches Auerschiff
abbaye_a_treasury_a0=Kirchenschatz
guardroom_a0=Wachenraum
largeguardhouse_a0=Großes Wachenraum
largeinn_a0=Taverne
largeinn_a_dormitorymen_a0=Schlafsaal für Männer
largeinn_a_dormitorywomen_a0=Schlafsaal für Frauen
largeinn_a_tavern_a0=Taverne
residence_a0=Bischofspalast
residence_a_orderoutpost_a0=Hauptquartier des Ordens
residence_a_priest_a0=Priesterzimmer
residence_a_vicar_a0=Vikarzimmer
full_wall_gateway_a0=Dorftor
full_wall_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_slope_left2_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Dorfmauer
full_wall_tower_a0=Mauerturm
full_wall_cap_both_a0=Stirnseite
full_wall_cap_right_a0=Stirnseite
full_wall_cap_left_a0=Stirnseite
full_wall_corner_a0=Eckturm
borderpost_a0=Grenzposten
borderpost_corner_a0=Grenzposten (Ecke)
borderpost_gate_a0=Grenzposten (Eingang)