
kastron_a0=Kastron
kastron_a_archives_a0=Arquivos da aldeia
kastron_a_inn_a0=Pousada
kastron_a_leftmarket_a0=Mercado
kastron_a_leftmarket_a1=Mercado esquerdo
kastron_a_rightmarket_a0=Mercado
kastron_a_rightmarket_a1=Mercado Direito
acaciagrove_a0=Bosque das acacias
architect_a0=Estúdio do arquiteto
dressmaker_a0=Costureira
fishfarm_a0=Cabana do Pescador
fishfarm_a3=Fazenda de peixe
mason_a0=Pedreiro
mine_a0=Mina
pinegrove_a0=Bosque dos pinheiros
sandpit_a0=Poço de Areia
sheepfarm_a0=Corredor de ovelhas
silkfarm_a0=Fazenda de seda
smelter_a0=Fundição
toolsmith_a0=Forja
woodcutter_a0=Cabana do Lenhador
presbytery_a0=Presbitério
chapel_a0=Capela
workerhouse_a0=Cabana do trabalhador
workshop_a0=Oficina
watchtower_a0=Torre de vigia
taverna_a0=Taberna
vineyard_a0=Vinhedo
pergola_a0=Pérgola
garden_a0=Jardim
shrine_a0=Santuário
cross_a0=Cruz
olivetree_a0=Oliveira
olivepress_a0=Imprensa de óleo
inn_a0=Pousada
archives_a0=Arquivos
market_a0=Mercado
market_a4=Salão do mercado
fortress_a0=Fortaleza
fortress_a_barracks_a0=Quartel
fortress_a_armyforge_a0=Forja do exército
church_a0=Igreja
church_a_warehouse_a0=Armazém
church_a_school_a0=Escola
church_a_sanctuary_a0=Santuário
church_a_chamber1_a0=Câmara
church_a_chamber2_a0=Câmara
carrotfield_a0=Campo de cenoura
wheatfield_a0=Campo de trigo
windmill_a0=Moinho de vento
farm_a0=Fazenda
playerhut_a0=Casa pequena
playerhouse_a0=Casa grande
villaurbana_a0=Villa Urbana
playersmallplot_a0=Lote pequeno
playerlargeplot_a0=Lote grande
playerhugeplot_a0=Lote enorme
gifthut_a0=Casa de presente
borderpost_a0=Posto fronteiriço
borderpost_a0=Posto fronteiriço
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Templo Clássico
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Teatro Clássico
architectbyzantine_a0=Estúdio do Arquiteto
artisanbyzantine_a0=Casa do Artesão
bakerybyzantine_a0=Padaria
bakerybyzantine_a0=Padaria
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Cama de Quartel
barracksbyzantine_a0=Quartel
basilkabyzantine_a0=Mercado
birchtower_a0=Torre de Vigia
chapelbyzantine_a0=Capela
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Altar
churchbyzantine_a0=Terreno da Igreja
churchbyzantine_a9=Igreja Ortodoxa
crossbyzantine_a0=Cruz
farmbyzantine_a0=Quinta
fisherbyzantine_a0=Casa do Pescador
forgebyzantine_a0=Forja
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Quarto do Forte
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Forja do Forte
fortbyzantine_a0=Forte
gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Bosque de Bétula
grovebyzantine_a0=Bosque
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Bosque de Carvalho
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Estalagem
innbyzantine_a0=Albergue
jungletower_a0=Torre de Vigia
lighthouse_a0=Farol
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Quarto do Forte Isolado
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Capela
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Área de treinamento
lonecastle_a0=Forte Isolado
lonesheepfarm_a0=Rancho Ovino Isolado
lonesheepfarm_b0=Rancho Ovino Isolado
lumberbyzantine_a0=Casa do Lenhador
oaktower_a0=Torre de Vigia
parkbyzantine_a0=Bétula
parkbyzantine_b0=Carvalho
parkbyzantine_c0=Carvalho
parkbyzantine_d0=Parque
pinetower_a0=Torre de Vigia
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Fórum
placebyzantine_a0=Prefeitura
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Quarto do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Forja do Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Forte
playersmallhouse_a0=Casa Pequena
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Presbitério
quarrybyzantine_a0=Pedreira
sheepbyzantine_a0=Rancho Ovino
shrinebyzantine_a0=Santuário
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Quinta Sericultura
taverna_a0=Taverna
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Moinho
testfarm_a0=Quinta
villa urbana_a0=Villa Urbana
vineyard_a0=Vinhedo
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Torre de Vigia
well_a0=Poço
wellbyzantine_a0=Poço
wellbyzantine_b0=Poço
workshopbyzantine_a0=Oficina
borderpost_corner_a0=Posto fronteiriço (canto)
borderpost_gate_a0=Posto fronteiriço (entrada)