
culture.byzantines=Bizantina
culture.fullname=Os bizantinos
village.controlled=vila controlada
village.customcontrolled=vila controlada personalizada
village.tradingvillage=Vila comercial
village.militaryvillage=Vila militar
village.religiousvillage=Aldeia Ortodoxa
villager.architect_byzantine=Arquiteto
villager.baron_byzantine=Barão
villager.boy_byzantine=Garoto
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Pescador
villager.girl_byzantine=Garota
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Lenhador
villager.merchant_byzantine=Comerciante
villager.miner_byzantine=Minerador
villager.lady_byzantine=Senhora
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Pastor
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Fazendeiro de Seda
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Tecelão de seda
villager.toolsmith_byzantine=Ferreiro
villager.smith_byzantine=Ferreiro
villager.smith_byzantine=Ferreiro
villager.teenagerfemale=Jovem
villager.teenagerfemale=Jovem
villager.teenagermale=Jovem
villager.teenagermale=Jovem
=======
=======
villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Pastora
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Agricultora de seda
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.wife_byzantine=Aldeã
villager.merchant_art=Comerciante de Arte
villager.merchant_food=Comerciante de Alimentos
villager.merchant_materials=Comerciante de Pedra
villager.smuggler_silk=Comerciante de Seda
villager.artisanwife_byzantine=Artesã
villager.seamster_byzantine=costureiro
villager.seamstress_byzantine=Costureira
villager.smelter_byzantine=Fundidora
villager.pastor_byzantine=Missionário
villager.worker_byzantine=Trabalhador
villager.guard_byzantine=Guarda
villager.host_byzantine=Hospedeiro
villager.hostesse_byzantine=Anfitriã
villager.baroness_byzantine=Baronesa
villager.mason_byzantine=Pedreiro
villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurião
villager.special_byzanzine=Boskokrator
villager.oldshepherd_byzantine=Pastor solitário
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Armeiro
villager.farmiller_byzantine=Agricultor
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Esposa do Agricultor
villager.monk_byzantine=Monge
villager.metroplit_byzantine=metropolitano
shop.themporikos=Mercado central
shop.mason=Materiais avançados
shop.toolsmith=Ferramentas
shop.dressmaker=Têxteis e ícones
shop.centralworkshop=Materiais básicos
shop.taverna=Bebidas e Alimentos
shop.olivepress=Produtos de azeitona
shop.specialshop=o Chamado de Boskokrator
shop.thstratiotike=Mercado central
shop.thorthodoxo=Mercado central
shop.armyforge=Ferramentas, Armas e Armaduras
villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Guarda
villager.keeper_byzantine=Guardião do Farol
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Pastor Isolado
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Pastora Isolada
shop.bakery=Pão
shop.clothing=Roupas
shop.fishery=Peixe
shop.forge=Ferramentas
shop.lonesheep=Cordeiro, Lã e Feta
shop.lonetower=Mantimentos
shop.sheepfarm=Cordeiro, Couro e Feta
shop.tavernbyz=Vinho
shop.townhall=Loja Central
shop.alchemyworkshop=Produtos Alquímicos
village.emporikos=vila comercial
village.military=forte
village.ortodox=vila religiosa
villager.artisan_byzantine=Artesão
villager.artwife_byzantine=Esposa do Artesão
villager.merchant_hindi=Comerciante Hindu
villager.merchant_japanese=Comerciante Japonês
villager.merchant_mayan=Comerciante Maia
villager.merchant_norman=Comerciante Normando
villager.patriarch_byzantine=Patriarca
villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.richwife_byzantine=Mulher Rica