
culture.mayan=Maia
culture.fullname=Os maias
village.agriculture=aldeia agrícola
village.mayan_controlled=aldeia controlada
village.mayan_customcontrolled=aldeia controlada customizada
village.military=aldeia militar
village.religious=aldeia religiosa
villager.mayan_armysmith=Ferreiro Militar
villager.mayan_boy=Rapaz
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Avicultor
villager.mayan_chieftain=Chefe
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Agricultor de Cacau
villager.mayan_crafter=Artesão
villager.mayan_farmer=Agricultor
villager.mayan_girl=Rapariga
villager.mayan_king=Rei
villager.mayan_leader=Chefe
villager.mayan_lumberman=Lenhador
villager.mayan_merchant=Comerciante
villager.mayan_miner=Mineiro
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Artesão de Obsidiana
villager.mayan_peasant=Camponês
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Camponesa
villager.mayan_richwoman=Rainha
villager.mayan_sculptor=Escultor
villager.mayan_shaman=Xamã
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Esposa do Xamã
villager.mayan_teenagerfemale=Jovem
villager.mayan_teenagermale=Jovem
villager.mayan_warrior=Guerreiro
villager.lonemayanfarmer=Agricultor
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Agricultora
villager.lonemayanshaman=Xamã
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Esposa do Xamã
villager.mayanbanditboy=Jovem Bandido
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandido
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Bandida
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Comerciante Agricultor
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Comerciante Caçador
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Comerciante Xamã
villager.questfallenking=Rei Caído
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Guerreiro de Elite
villager.questkinglieutnant=Tenente
villager.questkingscout=Batedor
villager.questkingwarrior=Guerreiro
villager.questshaman=Xamã
shop.lonemayanfarm=Produtos Agrícolas
shop.mayanarmyforge=Armas e Armaduras
shop.mayancocoa=Cacau e Cacahuá
shop.mayancrafter=Ferramentas
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Objectos de Obsidiana
shop.mayansculptor=Compra pedra e ouro
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Produtos de Aves
shop.mayantownhall=Loja Central