
culture.byzantines=de Bizancio
culture.fullname=Los Bizantinos
village.controlled=Aldea Controlada
village.customcontrolled=Aldea Controlada Personalizada
village.emporikos=Aldea Comercial
village.military=Fuerte
village.ortodox=Aldea Religiosa
villager.architect_byzantine=Arquitecto
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Armero
villager.artisan_byzantine=Artesano
villager.artwife_byzantine=Mujer del Artesano
villager.baron_byzantine=Barón
villager.boy_byzantine=Niño
villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurión
villager.farmiller_byzantine=Molinero
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Esposa del Molinero
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Pescador
villager.girl_byzantine=Niña
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Leñador
villager.merchant_byzantine=Mercader
villager.merchant_hindi=Comerciante Indio
villager.merchant_japanese=Comerciante Japonés
villager.merchant_mayan=Comerciante Maya
villager.merchant_norman=Comerciante Normando
villager.miner_byzantine=Minero
villager.pastor_byzantine=Pastor
villager.patriarch_byzantine=Patriarca
villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.richwife_byzantine=Mujer Rica
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Pastor
villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Pastora
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Sericicultor
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Sericicultora
villager.smith_byzantine=Herrero
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldado
villager.teenagerfemale=Joven
villager.teenagermale=Joven
villager.wife_byzantine=Esposa
villager.merchant_art=Mercader de Arte
villager.merchant_food=Mercader de Comida
villager.merchant_materials=Mercader de Piedra
villager.smuggler_silk=Mercader de Seda
villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Guardia
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Guardia
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Guardia
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Guardia
villager.keeper_byzantine=Guardia del Faro
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Pastor
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Pastora
shop.armyforge=Herramientas, Armas y Armaduras
shop.bakery=Panadería
shop.clothing=Ropa
shop.fishery=Pescado
shop.forge=Herramientas
shop.lonesheep=Lana
shop.lonetower=Comida
shop.sheepfarm=Cordero, Cuero y Queso Feta
shop.tavernbyz=Vino
shop.townhall=Tienda Central
shop.alchemyworkshop=Productos de Alquimia