
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Templo Antiguo
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Teatro Antiguo
artisanbyzantine_a0=Casa del Artesano
bakerybyzantine_a0=Panadería
bakerybyzantine_a0=Panadería
barracksbyzantine_a0=Cuartel
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Dormitorio del Cuartel
basilkabyzantine_a0=Salón del Mercado
chapelbyzantine_a0=Capilla
churchbyzantine_a0=Sitio de Construcción de la Iglesia.
churchbyzantine_a9=Iglesia Ortodoxa
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Altar
farmbyzantine_a0=Granja
fisherbyzantine_a0=Choza del Pescador
forgebyzantine_a0=Fragua
fortbyzantine_a0=Fuerte
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Fragua
grovebyzantine_a0=Arboleda
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Casa de Huéspedes
innbyzantine_a0=Posada
lumberbyzantine_a0=Choza del Leñador
placebyzantine_a0=Salón de la Aldea
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Fuerte
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Fragua
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Presbiterio
quarrybyzantine_a0=Cantera
sheepbyzantine_a0=Rancho de Ovejas
taverna_a0=Taverna
testfarm_a0=Granja
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Molino
villa urbana_a0=Villa Urbana
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Torre de Vigilancia
well_a0=Pozo
workshopbyzantine_a0=Taller
birchtower_a0=Torre de Vigilancia
jungletower_a0=Torre de Vigilancia
oaktower_a0=Torre de Vigilancia
pinetower_a0=Torre de Vigilancia
architectbyzantine_a0=Estudio del Arquitecto
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Arboleda de Abedules
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Arboleda de Robles
lighthouse_a0=Faro
lonecastle_a0=Fuerte Aislado
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte Aislado
lonesheepfarm_a0=Granja de Ovejas Aislada
lonesheepfarm_b0=Granja de Ovejas Aislada
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Foro
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Granja de Seda
vineyard_a0=Viñedo
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Área de Entrenamiento
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Capilla
gifthouse_a0=Casa de Regalo
playersmallhouse_a0=Casa Pequeña
crossbyzantine_a0=Cruz de Término
parkbyzantine_a0=Abedul
parkbyzantine_b0=Roble
parkbyzantine_c0=Roble
parkbyzantine_d0=Parque
shrinebyzantine_a0=Santuario
wellbyzantine_a0=Pozo
wellbyzantine_b0=Pozo