
culture.indian=de la India
culture.fullname=Los Indios
village.indian_agricole=Aldea Agrícola
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=Villa Agrícola
village.indian_controlled=Aldea Controlada
village.indian_customcontrolled=Aldea Controlada Personalizada
village.indian_fort=Fuerte
village.indian_fort_hamlet=Villa Militar
village.indian_palace=Palacio
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Campesino Adivasi
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Campesina Adivasi
villager.indian_armysmith=Herrero Militar
villager.indian_boy=Niño
villager.indian_girl=Niña
villager.indian_lonetrader=Mercader Solitario
villager.indian_lumberman=Leñador
villager.indian_merchant=Mercader
villager.indian_miner=Minero
villager.indian_pandit=Sacerdote
villager.indian_panditayin=Mujer del Sacerdote
villager.indian_peasant=Campesino
villager.indian_peasantwife=Campesina
villager.indian_raja=Rajá
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=General Rajput
villager.indian_rani=Raní
villager.indian_richwoman=Mujer Adinerada
villager.indian_sadhu=Monje
villager.indian_sculptor=Escultor
villager.indian_smith=Herrero
villager.indian_soldier=Soldado Rajput
villager.indian_teenagerfemale=Joven
villager.indian_teenagermale=Joven
villager.indian_villagechief=Jefe de la Aldea
villager.merchant_adivasi=Mercader Adivasi
villager.merchant_oriental=Mercader Persa
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Aldeana Comerciante
villager.indian_craftsman=Artesano
villager.indian_painter=Pintor
villager.indian_weaver=Tejedora
shop.adivasifarm=Productos Adivasi
shop.armyforge=Armaduras y Armas
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Mercancía Preciosa
shop.forge=Herramientas
shop.sculptor=Compras de Piedra
shop.townhall=Tienda Central