bath_A0=Casa de Baños
chickenfarm_a0=Granja de Pollos
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Zona de Tiro con Arco
japanesearchive_A0=Archivos
japanesearchive_B0=Archivos
japanesecrafter_A0=Casa Artesanal
japanesecrafter_B0=Casa Artesanal
japanesefarm_A0=Granja de Trigo
japanesefarm_B0=Granja de Trigo
japanesefarmbig_A0=Casa Agrícola
japanesefarmbig_B0=Casa Agrícola
japanesefishery_A0=Estanque de Peces
japanesefishery_A1=Pozo de Pesca
japanesefishery_B0=Estanque de Peces
japanesefishery_B1=Pozo de Pesca
japanesefishery_C0=Estanque de Peces
japanesefishery_C1=Pozo de Pesca
japaneseforge_A0=Herrería
japanesefort_A0=Fuerte
japanesegrove_A0=Arboleda
japanesegrove_B0=Arboleda
japanesegrove_C0=Arboleda
japanesehouse_A0=Casa Pequeña
japanesehouselarge_A0=Casa Grande
japanesehousemedium_A0=Casa Mediana
japanesehut_A0=Casa de Madera Pequeña
japaneseinn_A0=Posada
japanesekitchen_A0=Cocina
japanesekitchen_B0=Cocina
japaneselmh_A0=Casa del Leñador
japaneselookout_A0=Torre de Vigilancia
japaneselookout_B0=Torre de Vigilancia
japanesemarket_A0=Mercado
japanesepaddy_A0=Arrozal
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japanesepalace_A0=Oficina Imperial
japanesepeasanth_A0=Casa del Campesino
japanesepeasanth_B0=Casa del Campesino
japanesepeasanth_C0=Casa del Campesino
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Palacio del Jugador
japaneseplot1_A0=Parcela Pequeña
japaneseplot2_A0=Parcela Mediana
japaneseplot3_A0=Parcela Grande
japanesequarry_A0=Cantera
japanesequarry_B0=Cantera
japanesesamuraih_A0=Casa del Guerrero Samurái
japanesesamuraih_B0=Casa del Guerrero Samurái
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Santuario Sintoísta
japanesezen_A0=Estanque
sakebrewery_A0=Cervecería de Sake
squidfarm_A0=Granja de Calamares
well_A0=Pozo

bandit_cave_A0=Cueva de Bandidos
banditfort_A0=Fuerte de Bandidos
japanesearmyforge_A0=Fuerte del Ejército
japaneseoutpost_A0=Puesto Avanzado Japonés
kufun_tomb_A0=Tumba Kofun
kufun_tomb_B0=Tumba Kofun
lonebuddha_A0=Estatua de Buda
lonemine_A0=Mina Japonesa Aislada
woods_shrine_A0=Santuario de Madera

gifthouse_a0=Casa de Regalo

hotspringsinn_a0=Posada de Aguas Termales
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Posada de Aguas Termales
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Posada de Aguas Termales