
mayanacropolis_a0=Campo de Pok-ta-Pok Real
mayanalter_a0=Altar de Sacrificios
mayanarmyforge_a0=Fragua del Cazador
mayanbakery_a0=Panadería
mayanballcourt_a0=Campo de Pok-ta-Pok
mayancacaofarm_a0=Plantación de Cacao
mayancacaofarm_b0=Plantación de Cacao
mayancalendar_a0=Calendario Solar
mayancave_a0=Cueva
mayancistern_a0=Aljibe
mayancornfarm_a0=Granja de Maíz
mayancornfarm_b0=Granja de Maíz
mayancornfarm_c0=Granja de Maíz
mayancrafter_a0=Artesano
mayangrove_a0=Arboleda
mayanguard_a0=Casa del Guardia
mayanhouse_a0=Casa Maya
mayanhouse_b0=Casa Maya
mayanhouse_c0=Casa Maya
mayanhouse_d0=Casa Maya
mayaninn_a0=Posada
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Casa Inferior
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Casa Superior
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Casa Grande
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Casa Grande
mayanlibrary_a0=Biblioteca
mayanlumber_a0=Casa del Hachero
mayanmarket_a0=Mercado
mayanmining_a0=Mina de Piedra
mayanobservatory_a0=Observatorio
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Taller de Obsidiana
mayanplayerestate_a0=Pirámide Grande
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Gran Pirámide
mayanpyramid_a0=Pirámide
mayanpyramid_a0=Pirámide Maya
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Casa del Tallista
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Terrenos del Chamán
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=Granja de Pollos
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Granja de Pollos
mayantemple_a0=Templo
mayanwatchtower_a0=Torre de Vigilancia
mayanbigwell_a0=Pozo Grande
mayanshrine_a0=Santuario
mayanwell_a0=Pozo
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Pirámide del Jugador
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Parcela Grande
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Parcela Mediana
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Parcela Pequeña
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Casa Antigua
lonemayancave_a0=Cueva Maya
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Granja de Maíz Aislada
lonemayanfarm_a0=Granja Maya Solitaria
lonemayanmining_a0=Mina de Piedra Aislada
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Pirámide Maya Aislada
lonemayanruin_a0=Casa Maya Aislada
lonemayanshaman_a0=Terrenos del Chamán
mayanbandithome_a0=Casa del Bandido
mayanbandits_a0=Puesto Avanzado de Bandidos
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Pirámide Abandonada
gifthouse_a0=Casa de Regalo
questpyramid_a0=Pirámide Maldita
questpyramid_pit_a0=Pirámide Maldita
questpyramid_guards_a0=Pirámide Maldita
questpyramid_jail_a0=Pirámide Maldita
questbarrack_a0=Barraca
questcamphouse_a0=Barraca
questguardtower_a0=Torre del Guarda
mayancamp_a0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_dig_a0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_jail_a0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_wall_a0=Campamento Maya
questcave_a0=Cueva Maya
questcave_door_a0=Cueva Maya
mayanguesthouse_a0=Posada