
culture.byzantines=Byzantine
culture.fullname=The Byzantines
village.controlled=Controlled Village
village.customcontrolled=Custom Controlled Village

village.tradingvillage=Commercial Village
village.militaryvillage=Military Village
village.religiousvillage=Orthodox Village

villager.architect_byzantine=Architect
villager.baron_byzantine=Baron
villager.boy_byzantine=Boy
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Fisher
villager.girl_byzantine=Girl
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Woodcutter
villager.merchant_byzantine=Merchant
villager.miner_byzantine=Miner
villager.lady_byzantine=Lady
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Shepherd

villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Silk Farmer
villager.toolsmith_byzantine=Smith
villager.smith_byzantine=Smith
villager.teenagerFemale=Youth
villager.teenagerMale=Youth

villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Shepherdess
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Silk Weaver
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Silk Weaver
villager.smith_byzantine=Smith
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldier
villager.teenagerfemale=Youth
villager.teenagermale=Youth

villager.wife_byzantine=Wife
villager.merchant_art=Art Merchant
villager.merchant_food=Food Merchant
villager.merchant_materials=Stone Merchant
villager.smuggler_silk=Silk Merchant

villager.artisanwife_byzantine=Craftswoman
villager.seamster_byzantine=Seamster
villager.seamstress_byzantine=Seamstress
villager.smelter_byzantine=Smelter
villager.pastor_byzantine=Pastor
villager.worker_byzantine=Worker
villager.guard_byzantine=Guard
villager.host_byzantine=Host
villager.hostesse_byzantine=Hostess
villager.baroness_byzantine=Baroness
villager.mason_byzantine=Mason

villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurio
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldier
villager.special_byzanzine=Boskokrator
villager.oldshepherd_byzantine=Lone Shepherd
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Army Smith

villager.farmiller_byzantine=Farmer
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Farmer

villager.monk_byzantine=Monk
villager.metropolit_byzantine=Metropolitan

villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldier

villager.special_byzantine=Boskokrator


shop.THemporikos=Central Shop
shop.mason=Advanced Materials
shop.toolsmith=Tools
shop.dressmaker=Textiles & Icons
shop.centralworkshop=Basic Materials
shop.taverna=Food & Drinks
shop.olivepress=Olive Products
shop.specialshop=The Boskokrator Calls
shop.thstratiotike=Central Shop
shop.thorthodoxo=Central Shop
shop.armyforge=Weaponry

villager.merchant_armour=Armoury Merchant
villager.merchant_textiles=Textiles Merchant
villager.merchant_relics=Relics Merchant
villager.merchant_dyes=Dyes Merchant

villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Guard
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Guard
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Guard
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Guard
villager.keeper_byzantine=Lighthouse Keeper
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Shepherd
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Shepherdess

villager.loneabbot_byzantine=Abbot
villager.lonemonk_byzantine=Rassophore

shop.bakery=Bakery
shop.clothing=Clothes
shop.fishery=Fish
shop.forge=Tools
shop.lonesheep=Wool
shop.lonetower=Food
shop.sheepfarm=Lamb,leather and feta
shop.tavernbyz=Wine
shop.townhall=Central Store
shop.alchemyworkshop=Alchemical Products
shop.lonemonastery=Monastery Goods

