
brickkiln_a0=Brick Kiln
chiefhouse_a0=Chief's House
chiefhouse_b0=Chief's House
fort_a0=Fort
fort_A_forge_A0=Fort's Forge
fort_A_soldierhouse_A0=Soldier's House
fort_A_soldierhouse2_A0=Soldier's House
fort_A_cistern_A0=Fort's Cistern
fort_A_temple_A0=Fort's Temple
grove_a0=Grove
lumbermanhouse_a0=Lumberman's House
paddy_a0=Paddy
pandithouse_a0=Pandit's House
peasanthouse_a0=Peasant's House
peasanthouse_b0=Peasant's House
peasanthouse_c0=Peasant's House
playerhugefield_a0=Very Large Field
playerlargefield_a0=Large Field
playersmallfield_a0=Small Field
playersmallhouse_a0=Small House
quarry_a0=Quarry
quarry_b0=Quarry
soldierhouse_a0=Soldier's House
sugarplantation_a0=Sugarcane Plantation
villagetemple_a0=Village Temple
playerestate_a0=Mansion
spicegarden_a0=Spice garden
forge_a0=Forge
armyforge_a0=Army Forge
scultorhouse_a0=Stone Carver's House
archives_a0=Temple Archives
palace_a0=Palace
palace_temple_A0=Palace's Temple
guesthouse_a0=Guest House
inn_a0=Inn
largepeasanthouse_a0=Large House
largepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Secondary House
playerpalace_a0=Player's Palace
playerpalace_temple_A0=Palace's Temple
bazaar_a0=Market
tank_a0=Stepwell
well_a0=Well
adivasifarm_a0=Adivasi Farm
adivasifarm_b0=Adivasi Farm
deserttradeoutpost_a0=Desert Trading Post
ruinedfort_a0=Ruined Fort
sandblasted_a0=Deserted Trading Post
sadhutree_a0=Sadhu's Tree
sadhutree_a0=Sadhu's Tree
indiandesertedfarm_a0=Destroyed Indian Farm
loneshrine_a0=Lone Hindu Shrine
gifthouse_a0=Gift House
villagetree_a0=Village Tree
hindushrine_a0=Hindu Statue

craftsmanhouse_A0=Craftsman's House
painterhouse_A0=Painter's House

weaverhouse_A0=Weaver's House
cottonfield_A0=Cotton Field

full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left2_A0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_a0=Village Wall

full_wall_tower_a0=Wall Tower
full_wall_cap_right_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_left_a0=End Wall
full_wall_corner_a0=Corner Tower
full_wall_gateway_a0=Gateway

borderpost_a0=Border Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Border Post (Corner)
borderpost_gate_a0=Border Post (Entrance)