culture.indian=Indian
culture.fullname=The Indians

village.indian_agricole=agricultural village
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=agricultural hamlet
village.indian_controlled=controlled village
village.indian_controlled_walled=walled controlled village
village.indian_customcontrolled=custom controlled village
village.indian_fort=fort
village.indian_fort_hamlet=military hamlet
village.indian_palace=palace
village.indian_palace_autonomous=palace

villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Adivasi Peasant
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Adivasi Peasant
villager.indian_armysmith=Army Smith
villager.indian_boy=Boy
villager.indian_girl=Girl
villager.indian_lonetrader=Lone Trader
villager.indian_lumberman=Lumberman
villager.indian_merchant=Merchant
villager.indian_miner=Miner
villager.indian_pandit=Priest
villager.indian_panditayin=Priest's Wife
villager.indian_peasant=Peasant
villager.indian_peasantwife=Female Peasant
villager.indian_raja=
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=Rajput General
villager.indian_rani=
villager.indian_richwoman=Richer Woman
villager.indian_sadhu=
villager.indian_sculptor=Stone Carver
villager.indian_smith=Smith
villager.indian_soldier=Rajput Soldier
villager.indian_teenagerFemale=Youth
villager.indian_teenagerMale=Youth
villager.indian_villagechief=Village Chief
villager.merchant_adivasi=Adivasi Merchant
villager.merchant_oriental=Persian Merchant
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Village Trader
villager.indian_craftsman=Craftsman
villager.indian_painter=Painter
villager.indian_weaver=Weaver

shop.adivasifarm=Adivasi products
shop.armyforge=Armours & weapons
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Precious merchandise
shop.forge=Tools
shop.sculptor=Purchases stone
shop.townhall=Central Store