culture.mayan=Maya
culture.fullname=The Maya

village.agriculture=agricultural village
village.mayan_controlled=controlled village
village.mayan_customcontrolled=custom controlled village
village.military=military village
village.religious=religious village

villager.mayan_armysmith=Army Smith
villager.mayan_boy=Boy
villager.mayan_chickenfarmer=Chicken Farmer
villager.mayan_chieftain=Chieftain
villager.mayan_cocoafarmer=Cacao farmer
villager.mayan_crafter=Crafter
villager.mayan_farmer=Corn Farmer
villager.mayan_girl=Girl
villager.mayan_king=King
villager.mayan_leader=Leader
villager.mayan_lumberman=Lumberman
villager.mayan_merchant=Merchant
villager.mayan_miner=Miner
villager.mayan_obsidiancrafter=Obsidian Crafter
villager.mayan_peasant=Peasant
villager.mayan_peasantwife=Female Peasant
villager.mayan_richwoman=Queen
villager.mayan_sculptor=Carver
villager.mayan_shaman=Shaman
villager.mayan_shamanwife=Shaman's Wife
villager.mayan_teenagerFemale=Youth
villager.mayan_teenagerMale=Youth
villager.mayan_warrior=Warrior

villager.lonemayanfarmer=Solitary Farmer
villager.lonemayanpeasantwife=Farmer's Wife
villager.lonemayanshaman=Shaman
villager.lonemayanshamanwife=Shaman's Wife
villager.mayanbanditboy=Bandit Boy
villager.mayanbanditwarrior=Bandit Warrior
villager.mayanfemalebandit=Bandit Girl
villager.merchant_mayanfarmer=Farmer Trader
villager.merchant_mayanhunter=Hunter Trader
villager.merchant_mayanshaman=Shaman Trader

villager.questfallenking=Fallen King
villager.questkingelitewarrior=Elite Warrior
villager.questkinglieutnant=Lieutenant
villager.questkingscout=Scout
villager.questkingwarrior=Warrior
villager.questshaman=Shaman

shop.lonemayanfarm=Farm Products
shop.mayanarmyforge=Armours & weapons
shop.mayancocoa=Cocoa & cacauhaa
shop.mayancrafter=Tools
shop.mayanobsidiancrafter=Obsidian tools
shop.mayansculptor=Purchases stone and gold
shop.mayansheepchickenfarm=Chicken products
shop.mayantownhall=Central Store