
mayanacropolis_a0=Royal Ball Court
mayanalter_a0=Sacrificial Alter
mayanarmyforge_a0=Hunter's Forge
mayanbakery_a0=Bakery
mayanballcourt_a0=Ball Court
mayancacaofarm_a0=Cocoa Plantation
mayancacaofarm_b0=Cocoa Plantation
mayancalendar_a0=Sun Calendar
mayancave_a0=Cave
mayancistern_a0=Cistern
mayancornfarm_a0=Corn Farm
mayancornfarm_b0=Corn Farm
mayancornfarm_c0=Corn Farm
mayancrafter_a0=Crafter
mayangrove_a0=Grove
mayanguard_a0=Guardian's House
mayanhouse_a0=Maya Home
mayanhouse_b0=Maya Home
mayanhouse_c0=Maya House
mayanhouse_d0=Maya House
mayaninn_a0=Inn
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a0=Lower Home
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_a_secondary_a0=Top House
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a0=Very Big Home
mayanlargepeasanthouse_a_secondary_a0=Very Big House
mayanlibrary_a0=Library
mayanlumber_a0=Axeman's House
mayanmarket_a0=Market
mayanmining_a0=Stone Mine
mayanobservatory_a0=Observatory
mayanobsidiancrafter_a0=Obsidian Workshop
mayanplayerestate_a0=Big Pyramid
mayanplayerlargehouse_a0=Great Pyramid
mayanpyramid_a0=Pyramid
mayanpyramid_a0=Maya Pyramid
mayansculptorhouse_a0=Carver's House
mayanshamangrounds_a0=Shaman's Grounds
mayansheepchickenfarm_a0=Chicken Farm
mayansheepchickenfarm_b0=Chicken Farm
mayantemple_a0=Temple
mayanwatchtower_a0=Watch Tower
mayanbigwell_a0=Large Well
mayanshrine_a0=Shrine
mayanwell_a0=Well
mayanplayerpyramid_a0=Player's Pyramid
mayanplayerhugefield_a0=Big Plot
mayanplayerlargefield_a0=Medium Plot
mayanplayersmallfield_a0=Small Plot
mayanplayersmallhouse_a0=Old House
lonemayancave_a0=Maya Cave
lonemayancornfarm_a0=Lost Maya Corn Farm
lonemayanfarm_a0=Maya Solitary Farm
lonemayanmining_a0=Lost Stone Mine
lonemayanpyramid_a0=Lost Maya Pyramid
lonemayanruin_a0=Lost Maya Home
lonemayanshaman_a0=Shaman's Grounds
mayanbandithome_a0=Bandit Home
mayanbandits_a0=Bandit Outpost
mayanruinedpyramid_a0=Lost Pyramid
gifthouse_a0=Gift House
questpyramid_a0=Cursed Pyramid
questpyramid_pit_a0=Cursed Pyramid
questpyramid_guards_a0=Cursed Pyramid
questpyramid_jail_a0=Cursed Pyramid
questbarrack_a0=Barrack
questcamphouse_a0=Barrack
questguardtower_a0=Guard tower
mayancamp_a0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_dig_a0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_innerguard_a0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_jail_a0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_outerguard_a0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_wall_a0=Maya Camp
questcave_a0=Maya Cave
questcave_door_a0=Maya Cave
mayanguesthouse_a0=Inn

borderpost_a0=Border Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Border Post (Corner)
borderpost_gate_a0=Border Post (Entrance)