abbey_A0=Abbey
abbey_A_cell_0_A0=Monk Cell
abbey_A_cell_1_A0=Monk Cell
abbey_A_cell_2_A0=Monk Cell
abbey_A_altar_A0=Altar
abbey_A_tower_A0=Abbey Tower
abbey_A_tower_B0=Abbey Tower
alchemyworkshop_A0=Alchemy Workshop
archives_A0= Archives
armoury_A0=Armory
bakery_A0=Bakery
carpenterhouse_A0=Carpenter's House
cattlefarm_A0=Cattle Farm
church_A0=Church
church_A2=Church
chickenfarmnorm_a0=Chicken Farm
darkoakgrove_a0=Dark Oak Grove
farm_A0=Farm
farm_B0=Farm
forge_A0=Forge
fort_A0=Fort
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Guard Tower
fort_A_righttower_A0=Guard Tower
fountain_A0=Fountain
grove_A0=Grove
grove_B0=Grove
grove_C0=Grove
guardhouse_A0=Guard House
guesthouse_A0=Guest House
guildhouse_A0=Guild Hall
inn_A0=Inn
largefort_A0=Large Fort
largefort_A_armoury_A0=Large Fort Armory
largefort_A_barrack_A0=Guard Room
largefountain_A0=Large Fountain
lumbermanhut_A0=Lumberman's Hut
lumbermanhut_B0=Lumberman's Hut
manor_A0=Manor
market_A0=Market
pigfarm_A0=Pig Farm
playerestate_A0=City Estate
playerhugefield_A0=Huge Plot
playerlargefield_A0=Large Plot
playerlargefort_A0=Player Large Fort
playerlargehouse_A0=Bourgeois House
playersmallfield_A0=Small Plot
playersmallhouse_A0=Small House
presbytery_A0=Presbytery
quarry_A0=Quarry
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Sheep Farm
tavern_A0=Tavern
townhall_A0=Town Hall
townhallagricole_A0=Town Hall
watchtower_A0=Watchtower
well_A0=Well

playerfort_A0=Player Fort
anomalyone_A0=Anomaly
anomalytwo_A0=Anomaly
anomalythree_A0=Anomaly

custom_chickenfarm=Chicken Farm

abandonedmill_A0=Abandoned Mill
abandonedmine_A0=Abandoned Mine
abandonedtower_A0=Destroyed Tower
alchemisttower_A0=Alchemist Tower
banditlair_A0=Bandit Lair
bandittower_A0=Bandit Tower
feloncastle_A0=Bandit Castle
loneabbey_A0=Lone Abbey
loneabbey_A_altar_A0=Altar
lonegrove_A0=Lone Grove
lonegrovetaiga_A0=Lone Grove
loneinn_A0=Lone Inn
loneinn_A_stall_0_A0=Lone Inn Stall
loneinn_A_stall_1_A0=Lone Inn Stall
loneroadhouse_A0=Lone Road House
lonelumbermanhut_A0=Lumberman's Hut
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Lumberman's Hut
lonemill_A0=Lone Watermill
lonemine_A0=Lone Mine
loneorchard_A0=Lone Orchard
pantheon_A0=Pantheon
ruinedfarm_A0=Ruined Farm
ruinedfarm_B0=Destroyed Farm
ruinedfarm_C0=Former Farm

gifthouse_a0=Gift House

glassblower_a0=Glassblower's Workshop
weaverhouse_a0=Weaver's Workshop

smallorchard_a0=Small Orchard
largeorchard_a0=Cidery

abbaye_a0=Cathedral
manor_a_inn_a0=Manor's Inn
pilgrimhall_a0=Pilgrims' Hall
warehouse_a0=Warehouse
workerhall_a0=Workers' Hall

abbaye_A0=
abbaye_A_altar_A0=Altar
abbaye_A_apse_bottom_A0=Apse (North)
abbaye_A_apse_top_A0=Apse (South)
abbaye_A_choir_bottom_A0=Choir (North)
abbaye_A_choir_top_A0=Choir (South)
abbaye_A_confessional_A0=Confessional
abbaye_A_council_A0=Council Chamber
abbaye_A_dome_A0=
abbaye_A_library_A0=Library
abbaye_A_nave_left_bottom_A0=Nave (Northeast)
abbaye_A_nave_left_top_A0=Nave (Southeast)
abbaye_A_nave_right_bottom_A0=Nave (Northwest)
abbaye_A_nave_right_top_A0=Nave (Southwest)
abbaye_A_organ_A0=Organ
abbaye_A_pews_A0=Pews
abbaye_A_portal_A0=Portal
abbaye_A_pulpit_A0=Pulpit
abbaye_A_tower_bottom_A0=North Tower
abbaye_A_tower_top_A0=South Tower
abbaye_A_transept_bottom_A0=North Transept
abbaye_A_transept_top_A0=South Transept
abbaye_A_treasury_A0=Church Treasure

guardroom_a0=Guardroom
largeguardhouse_a0=Large Guard House
largeinn_a0=Inn
largeinn_a_dormitorymen_a0=Men's Dormitory
largeinn_a_dormitorywomen_a0=Women's Dormitory
largeinn_a_tavern_a0=
residence_a0=Bishop's Palace
residence_a_orderoutpost_a0=Headquarter of the Order
residence_a_priest_a0=Priest's Room
residence_a_vicar_a0=Vicar's Room




full_wall_gateway_a0=Village Gate
full_wall_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Village Wall

full_wall_tower_a0=Wall Tower
full_wall_cap_both_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_right_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_left_a0=End Wall
full_wall_corner_a0=Corner Tower

borderpost_a0=Border Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Border Post (Corner)
borderpost_gate_a0=Border Post (Entrance)