
//core buildings

abdesthane_A0=Abesthane
armoury_A0=Armoury
barracks_A0=Barracks
barracks_A_bed0_A0=Soldier's Room
barracks_A_bed1_A0=Soldier's Room
barracks_A_bed2_A0=Soldier's Room
barracks_A_bed3_A0=Soldier's Room
barracks_A_bed4_A0=Soldier's Room
barracks_A_bed5_A0=Soldier's Room
barracks_A_parol0_A0=Patrol Node
barracks_A_parol1_A0=Patrol Node
barracks_A_parol2_A0=Patrol Node
barracks_a_patrol0_a0=Patrol Node
barracks_a_patrol1_a0=Patrol Node
barracks_a_patrol2_a0=Patrol Node
barracks_A_training_A0=Training Ground
barrackssmall_A0=Small Barracks
barrackssmall_A_bed0_A0=Soldier's Room
barrackssmall_A_bed1_A0=Soldier's Room
barrackssmall_A_patrol_A0=Patrol Node
bigwell_A0=Large Well
brick_A0=Brick Kiln
cesme_A0=Cesme
cottonfarm_A0=Cotton Farm
cottonfield_A0=Cotton Field
cowfarm_A0=Cow Farm
fishery_A0=Fishery
flowerplant_A0=Flower Garden
flowerplantsmall_A0=Small Flower Garden
gölgealti_A0=Göglealti
hamambath_A0=Hamam
hamambath_A_female_A0= Hamam Female Side
imamshouse_A0=Imam's House
inn_A0=Inn
kitchen_A0=Kitchen
kitchen_A_ayran_A0=Dining Area
lumbermanshouse_A0=Lumberman's House
market_A0=Bazaar
mill_A0=Mill
mine_brick_A0=Mine
mine_brick_B0=Mine
mosque_A0=Mosque
mosque_a_archive_A0=Archive
mosque_a_femaleside_A0=Mosque Female Side
node_A0=Path Node
olivefarm_A0=Olive Farm
passnode_A0=Crossroad
peasanthouse_A0=Peasant House
peasanthouse_B0=Peasant House
peasanthouse_C0=Peasant House
pistachiotrees_A0=Pistachio Trees
sheepfarm_A0=Sheep Farm
smallmosque_A0=Small Mosque
smallmosque_a_female_A0=Mosque Female Side
stonecraftsman_A0=Stone Craftsman's House
sugarcanefarm_A0=Sugarcane Farm
toolsmith_A0=Toolsmith
watchtower_A0=Watchtower
watchtower_a_patrol_A0=Patrol Node
watchtower_a_soldier0_A0=Soldier's Room
watchtower_a_soldier1_A0=Soldier's Room
weaver_A0=Weaver
well_A0=Well
wheatpaddy_A0=Wheat Farm


//lone buildings

banditcamp_A0=Bandit Camp
bandittower_A0=Bandit Tower
bath_abandoned_A0=Abandoned Bath
lonecowfarm_A0=Lone Cow Farm
lonefarm_A0=Lone Farm
lonemine_A0=Lone Mine
lonemarket_A0=Tarding Node
lonemarket_A_market_A0=Bazaar
ruinlonemine_A0=Ruin
ruin_A0=Ruin
ruinwell_A0=Ruin
ruinwall_A0=Ruin


//player buildings

playerhousegift_A0=Villager House
playerhousemed_A0=Small Place
playerhousemed2_A0=Medium House
playerhousesmall_A0=Small House
playersmall1_A0=Small Plot
playersmall2_A0=Walled Plot


//townhall buildings

gfarm_A0=Large Farm
gfarm_a_inn_A0=Great Farm Inn
gmarket_A0=Great Market
gmarket_a_inn_A0=Great Market Inn
gmarket_a_market_A0=Great Market Bazaar
hamlettownhall_A0=Townhall
hamlettownhall_A_inn_A0=Townhalls Inn
hamlettownhallplayer_A0=Townhall
hamlettownhallplayer_A_inn_A0=Townhalls Inn
sarayfort_A0=Forted Saray
sarayfort_a_imams_A0=Imam's House
sarayfort_a_market_A0=Fort Bazaar
sarayfort_a_soldierR1_A0=Fort Soldier's Room
sarayfort_a_soldierR2_A0=Fort Soldier's Room
sarayfort_a_soldierL1_A0=Fort Soldier's Room
sarayfort_a_soldierL2_A0=Fort Soldier's Room
sarayfortplayer_A0=Player's Forted Saray
thmosque_A0=Great Mosque
thmosque_a_archive_A0=Great Mosque Archive
thmosque_a_inn_A0=Great Mosque Inn
thmosque_a_femaleside_A0=Mosque Female Side
thmosque_a_maleside_A0=Mosque Male Side


//walls

full_wall_gateway_a0=Village Gate
full_wall_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Village Wall

full_wall_tower_a0=Wall Tower
full_wall_cap_both_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_right_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_left_a0=End Wall
full_wall_corner_a0=Corner Tower

borderpost_a0=Border Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Border Post (Corner)
borderpost_gate_a0=Border Post (Entrance)