
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Tempio antico
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Teatro antico
artisanbyzantine_a0=Casa dell'artigiano
bakerybyzantine_a0=Fornaio
bakerybyzantine_a0=Fornaio
barracksbyzantine_a0=Armeria
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Dormitorio armeria
basilkabyzantine_a0=Mercato
chapelbyzantine_a0=Cappella
churchbyzantine_a0=Area costruzioni per chiesa
churchbyzantine_a9=Chiesa ortodossa
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Altare
farmbyzantine_a0=Fattoria
fisherbyzantine_a0=Capanna del pescatore
forgebyzantine_a0=Forgia
fortbyzantine_a0=Forte
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Forgia
grovebyzantine_a0=Boschetto
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Foresteria
innbyzantine_a0=Locanda
lumberbyzantine_a0=Capanna del taglialegna
placebyzantine_a0=Centro del villaggio
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Forgia
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Monastero
quarrybyzantine_a0=Miniera
sheepbyzantine_a0=Fattoria ovina
taverna_a0=Taverna
testfarm_a0=Fattoria
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Mulino
villa urbana_a0=Villa Urbana
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Torre di guardia
well_a0=Pozzo
workshopbyzantine_a0=Officina
birchtower_a0=Torre di guardia
jungletower_a0=Torre di guardia
oaktower_a0=Torre di guardia
pinetower_a0=Torre di guardia
architectbyzantine_a0=Studio dell'architetto
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Camera del forte
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Camera del forte
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Camera del forte
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Boschetto di betulle
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Boschetto di querce
lighthouse_a0=Faro
lonecastle_a0=Forte solitario
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Camera del forte solitario
lonesheepfarm_a0=Fattoria ovina solitaria
lonesheepfarm_b0=Fattoria ovina solitaria
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Foro
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Camera del forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Camera del forte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Camera del forte
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Fattoria da seta
vineyard_a0=Vigneto
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Area di allenamento
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Cappella
gifthouse_a0=Casa Bonus
playersmallhouse_a0=Casetta
crossbyzantine_a0=Capitello votivo
parkbyzantine_a0=Betulla
parkbyzantine_b0=Quercia
parkbyzantine_c0=Quercia
parkbyzantine_d0=Parco
shrinebyzantine_a0=Santuario
wellbyzantine_a0=Pozzo
wellbyzantine_b0=Pozzo