
culture.indian=Indiana
culture.fullname=Gli Indiani
village.indian_agricole=Villaggio agricolo
village.indian_agricole_hamlet=Borgo agricolo
village.indian_controlled=Villaggio controllato
village.indian_customcontrolled=Villaggio personalizzato controllato
village.indian_fort=Forte
village.indian_fort_hamlet=Borgo militare
village.indian_palace=Palazzo
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Contadino Adivasi
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Moglie contadina Adivasi
villager.indian_armysmith=Armaiolo
villager.indian_boy=Ragazzo
villager.indian_girl=Ragazza
villager.indian_lonetrader=Mercante soltiario
villager.indian_lumberman=Taglialegna
villager.indian_merchant=Mercante
villager.indian_miner=Minatore
villager.indian_pandit=Sacerdote
villager.indian_panditayin=Moglie del sarcedote
villager.indian_peasant=Contadino
villager.indian_peasantwife=Contadina
villager.indian_raja=
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=Generale Rajput
villager.indian_rani=
villager.indian_richwoman=Donna Nobile
villager.indian_sadhu=
villager.indian_sculptor=Scultore
villager.indian_smith=Fabbro
villager.indian_soldier=Soldato Rajput
villager.indian_teenagerfemale=Ragazza adolescente
villager.indian_teenagermale=Ragazzo adolescente
villager.indian_villagechief=Capo villaggio
villager.merchant_adivasi=Mercante Adivasi
villager.merchant_oriental=Mercante Persiano
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Mercante del villaggio
villager.indian_craftsman=Artigiano
villager.indian_painter=Pittore
villager.indian_weaver=Tessitore
shop.adivasifarm=Prodotti Adivasi
shop.armyforge=Armi & armature
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Oggetti preziosi
shop.forge=Utensili
shop.sculptor=Acquista pietra
shop.townhall=Negozio principale