
bath_a0=Bagni pubblici
chickenfarm_a0=Allevamento pollame
japanesearcheryrange_a0=Campo di tiro
japanesearchive_a0=Archivio cittadino
japanesearchive_b0=Archivio cittadino
japanesecrafter_a0=Casa dell'artigiano
japanesecrafter_b0=Casa dell'artigiano
japanesefarm_a0=Coltivazione di grano
japanesefarm_b0=Coltivazione di grano
japanesefarmbig_a0=Fattoria
japanesefarmbig_b0=Fattoria
japanesefishery_a0=Stagno del Pesce
japanesefishery_a1=Peschiera
japanesefishery_b0=Stagno del Pesce
japanesefishery_b1=Peschiera
japanesefishery_c0=Stagno del Pesce
japanesefishery_c1=Peschiera
japaneseforge_a0=Fabbro
japanesefort_a0=Forte
japanesegrove_a0=Boschetto
japanesegrove_b0=Boschetto
japanesegrove_c0=Boschetto
japanesehouse_a0=Casa piccola
japanesehouselarge_a0=Casa grande
japanesehousemedium_a0=Casa
japanesehut_a0=Piccola capanna
japaneseinn_a0=Locanda
japanesekitchen_a0=Cucina
japanesekitchen_b0=Cucina
japaneselmh_a0=Casa del boscaiolo
japaneselookout_a0=Torre di vedetta
japaneselookout_b0=Torre di vedetta
japanesemarket_a0=Mercato
japanesepaddy_a0=Risaia
japanesepagoda_a0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_b0=Pagoda
japanesepalace_a0=Ufficio imperiale
japanesepeasanth_a0=Casa contadina
japanesepeasanth_b0=Casa contadina
japanesepeasanth_c0=Casa contadina
japaneseplayerpalace_a0=Palazzo del giocatore
japaneseplot1_a0=Piccolo lotto
japaneseplot2_a0=Lotto medio
japaneseplot3_a0=Lotto grande
japanesequarry_a0=Cava
japanesequarry_b0=Cava
japanesesamuraih_a0=Casa della guardia
japanesesamuraih_b0=Casa della guardia
japaneseshintoshrine_a0=Torii
japanesezen_a0=Laghetto
sakebrewery_a0=Birrificio di Sake
squidfarm_a0=Farm di calamari
well_a0=Pozzo
bandit_cave_a0=La grotta del bandito
banditfort_a0=Forte dei Banditi
japanesearmyforge_a0=Fucina militare
japaneseoutpost_a0=Avamposto giapponese
kufun_tomb_a0=Il sepolcro di Kufun
kufun_tomb_b0=Il sepolcro di Kufun
lonebuddha_a0=Statua di Buddha
lonemine_a0=Miniera giapponese isolata
woods_shrine_a0=Santuario di legno
gifthouse_a0=Casa Bonus
hotspringsinn_a0=Sorgente termale
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Sorgente termale
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Sorgente termale
borderpost_a0=Posto di Frontiera
borderpost_corner_a0=Posto di Frontiera (Angolo)
borderpost_gate_a0=Posto di Frontiera (Entrata)