
mayanplayerestate_A0=Grande Piramide
mayancrafter_A0=Artigiano
mayanobsidiancrafter_A0=Artigiano d'ossidiana
mayanarmyforge_A0=Forgia del cacciatore
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Casa dell'intagliatore
mayanlibrary_A0=Biblioteca
mayanacropolis_A0=Tempio della Pelota
mayanalter_A0=Altare dei sacrifici
mayanhouse_A0=Casa Maya
mayanhouse_B0=Casa Maya
mayanhouse_C0=Casa Maya
mayanhouse_D0=Casa Maya
mayanlumber_A0=Casa del taglialegna
mayanmining_A0=Miniera delle pietre
mayanguard_A0=Casa della guardia
mayangrove_A0=Boschetto
mayanpyramid_A0=Piramide
mayaninn_A0=Albergo
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Grande casa
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Grande casa
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Casa inferiore
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Casa superiore
mayanbakery_A0=Fornaio
mayanballcourt_A0=Campo di pelota
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Grande piramide
mayancalendar_A0=Calendario solare
mayancave_A0=Cava
mayancistern_A0=Cisterna
mayancornfarm_A0=Campo di mais
mayancornfarm_B0=Campo di mais
mayancornfarm_C0=Campo di mais
mayanobservatory_A0=Osservatorio
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Allevamento di pollame
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Terreno grande
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Terreno medio
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Terreno piccolo
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Casa vecchia
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Terreni dello sciamano
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Allevamento pollame
mayantemple_A0=Tempio
mayanwatchtower_A0=Torre di guardia
mayanmarket_A0=Mercato

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Piramide del giocatore

lonemayancave_A0=Cava Maya
lonemayanfarm_A0=Fattoria solitaria Maya
lonemayanshaman_A0=Campo dello sciamano
mayanbandits_A0=Accampamento dei banditi
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Piramide abbandonata
mayanbandithome_A0=Rifugio dei banditi
lonemayanruin_A0=Casa Maya abbandonata
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Campo di mais abbandonato
lonemayanmining_A0=Pietraia abbandonata
lonemayanpyramid_A0=Piramide

gifthouse_a0=Casa Bonus
