
quarrybyzantine_A0=Kaevandus
grovebyzantine_A0=Puiestik
testfarm_A0=Farm
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Veski
churchbyzantine_A0=Kiriku ehitus plats
churchbyzantine_A9=Orthodoxi Kirik
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Altar
artisanbyzantine_A0=Artisani maja
workshopbyzantine_A0=Töökoda
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Iidne tempel
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Iidne teater
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pagariäri
placebyzantine_A0=Küla keskus
fortbyzantine_A0=Kindlus
forgebyzantine_A0=Sepikoda
villa urbana_A0= Suur maja
taverna_A0=Kõrts
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pagariäri
fisherbyzantine_A0=Kaluri onn
lumberbyzantine_A0=Puuraiduri onn
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Vahitorn
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kabel
farmbyzantine_A0=Farm
sheepbyzantine_A0=Lamba farm
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Kindlus
innbyzantine_A0=Kõrts
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Võõrastemaja
basilkabyzantine_A0=Turu väljak
barracksbyzantine_A0=Kasarmud
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Kasarmu magala
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Presbyteerio
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kindlus
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kindlus
well_A0=Kaev

oaktower_A0=Vahitorn
birchtower_A0=Vahitorn
pinetower_A0=Vahitorn
jungletower_A0=Vahitorn

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Küla Kabel
vineyard_a0=Viinamarjaistandus
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Kase puiestik
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Siidi Farm
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Kindluse magamistuba
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Kindluse magamistuba
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Kindluse magamistuba
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Kindluse magamistuba
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Kindluse magamistuba
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Kindluse magamistuba
lighthouse_a0=Majakas
architectbyzantine_a0=Architecti stuudio
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Mahajäetud kindluse magamistuba
lonecastle_a0=Mahajäetud kindlus
lonesheepfarm_a0=Mahajäetud lamba far
lonesheepfarm_b0=Mahajäetud lamba Farm
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Tamme puiestik

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Treening ala
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Palvetus tuba

gifthouse_a0=Kingitud maja
playersmallhouse_a0=Väike maja
