playerestate_A0=Hääber
forge_A0=Sepikoda
armyforge_A0= Sepikoda (Relvastus)
scultorhouse_A0=Skulprori maja
archives_A0=Templi arhiivid
chiefhouse_A0=Pealiku maja
chiefhouse_B0=Pealiku maja
fort_A0=Linnus
fort_A_forge_A0=Linnuse sepikoda
fort_A_soldierhouse_A0=Kasarmu
peasanthouse_A0=Taluniku maja
peasanthouse_B0=Taluniku maja
peasanthouse_C0=Taluniku maja
lumbermanhouse_A0=Puraiduri maja
quarry_A0=Keavandus
quarry_B0=Kaevandus
soldierhouse_A0=Sõduri maja
brickkiln_A0=Tellisevalmistaja 
grove_A0=Puiestik
paddy_A0=Riisipõld
spicegarden_A0=Vürtsi aed
sugarplantation_A0=Suhkruroopõld
villagetemple_A0=Küla Tempel
palace_A0=Palee
guesthouse_A0=Külaliste maja
inn_A0=Kõrts
largepeasanthouse_A0=Suur maja
largepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Teine maja
playerpalace_A0=Mängija palee
playerhugefield_A0=Väga suur ala
playerlargefield_A0=Suur ala
playersmallfield_A0=Väike ala
playersmallhouse_A0=Väike maja
bazaar_A0=Turg
tank_A0=Suur trepp kaev

//extra buildings:
well_A0=Kaev

//lone buildings:
adivasifarm_A0=Adivasi Farm
adivasifarm_B0=Adivasi Farm
deserttradeoutpost_A0=Kõrbe vahetus punkt
ruinedfort_A0=Rikkutud linnus
sandblasted_A0=Kõrbe vahetus punkt
indiandesertedfarm_A0=Hävinenud indiaani farm
loneshrine_A0=Üksik hinude pühamu
sadhutree_A0=Sadhu puu
