
abbey_A0=Klooster
archives_A0=Arhiivid
armoury_A0=Sepikoda  (Relvastus)
bakery_A0=Pagaritöökoda
carpenterhouse_A0=Puusepa maja
cattlefarm_A0=Veise farm
church_A0=Kirik
church_A2=Kirik
farm_A0=Farm
farm_B0=Farm
forge_A0=Sepikoda (Tööriistad)
fort_A0=Kindlus
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Vahitorn
fort_A_righttower_A0=Vahitorn
grove_A0= Puistik
grove_B0= Puistik
grove_C0= Puistik
guardhouse_A0=Valvuri maja
guesthouse_A0=Väike vahetus maja
guildhouse_A0=Gildi maja
inn_A0=Külaliste maja
lumbermanhut_A0=Puuraiduri hütt
lumbermanhut_B0=Puuraiduri hütt
manor_A0=Mõis
market_A0=Turg
pigfarm_A0=Sea farm
playerestate_A0=Väga suur maja
playerhugefield_A0=Väga suur ala
playerlargefield_A0=Suur ala
playerlargehouse_A0=Suur maja
playersmallfield_A0=Väike ala
playersmallhouse_A0=Väike maja
presbytery_A0=Presbyteerio
quarry_A0=Kaevandus
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Lamba ja kana farm
tavern_A0=Kõrts
watchtower_A0=Vahitorn
fountain_A0=Purskkaev
largefountain_A0=Suur purskkaev
well_A0=Kaev
alchemyworkshop_A0=Akleemiku töökoda
townhall_A0=Linna hall
townhallagricole_A0=Linna halli agricole

playerfort_A0=Loss
anomalyone_A0=Anomiaalia 1
anomalytwo_A0=Anomaalia 2
anomalythree_A0=Anomaalia 3


lonelumbermanhut_A0=Üksik puuraiduri hütt
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Üksik puuraiduri taiga hütt
lonemine_A0=Üksik kaevandus
loneabbey_A0=Üksik klooster
ruinedfarm_A0=Hävitatud farm
ruinedfarm_B0=Hävitatud farm
ruinedfarm_C0=Hävitatud farm
banditlair_A0=Bandiidi koobas
alchemisttower_A0=Alkeemiku torn
bandittower_A0=Bandiidi torn
abandonedmill_A0=Mahajäetud saeveski
abandonedmine_A0=Mahajäetud kaevandus
abandonedtower_A0=Lammutatud torn
loneinn_A0=Üksik  kõrts
lonemill_A0=Üksik vesiveski
feloncastle_A0=Kurjiategija kndlus
pantheon_A0=Pantheon

gifthouse_a0=Kingitud maja

